/TGDG/ #296 - HOOTERS DAM EDITION
Cities flooded: lol, still only  floodedHow many days has it been stuck at ? Four days? Five days?This nothing river has dried up.
oy vey
thanks taiwan
Not a meme flag? Looks good.

both meme flag thread linked to the wrong Previous Threads. stop posting there.
Fuck you Gary.
/ block still there: https://youtu.be/NvQbWFJ-w?t=/ block gone: https://youtu.be/_oRnwN_dhxA?t=need dumps between these times. does any anon have this dump? lets try to pinpoint when the wall got chinked off
asiatimes.comvery reliable source
I'll take a thread baked by Best China any day
The prior update had the same outflow rate but the was going up, so something funky is happening to the river or to the data. Personally I think the inflow might be unsteady at the moment, but we should see it strengthen and become more consistent as the runoff hits the river. Remember that comparatively speaking the river makes up only a fraction of the surface area of the landscape.We're officially back to Wuhan rising now that the rains are hitting the tributaries beyond the dam as well, so expect some fun times in Corona-chan's hometown over the weekend. Eyes on the prize, we want that up to .m, though I'll gladly take it rising to just high enough to tumble one of the protective walls.I'm off to sleep, and I hope that in a few hours time when I wake up I'm greeted with a ,m/s inflow rate and Wuhan hovering near m. It's not terribly likely if nature conspires against /pol/, I'll admit, but I can dream. If this thing pops while I'm away, make sure that someone catches it on the livestream so we can clip it.
I hope you wake up to a complete collapse and m people dead.
We're officially back to Wuhan rising now that the rains are hitting the tributaries beyond the dam as well,The outflow is still higher than inflow and the level is still above . So they are trying to relieve upstream and screw downstream... Yet again.
 million is the expected casualty rate.
This is what the surge sound on the audio feed looks like on a spectrogram
A chunk of the population of a hated enemy wiped out and a broken dam to prove we were right? I'd like that too.It's never quite gonna work out the way they'd like it to, no matter what they try, but at least they're having fun, right?
Which line is Wuhan?
Line six, currently at .. And for reference, here are the three warning levels.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FhddcvpQMlol any of you guys Dasha the shill rofl
Anhoi is fucked, have a video but it's mp and Asian moot still did not add support in 
Someone give me a cutoff date, otherwise this dumb shit's just another failed nothingburger.Inbe Chink shillBitch I just want a due date to mark on my calendar, and even if this isn't the great happening of July/August, I'm sure something else will be.
Sometime between now and October (end of rainy season)
where in anhui? Or is this an older vid?
raining season ends in September. after that there's no point for new thread.
Maybe the real happening was the gets we made along the way
use ffmpeg, or quinff if you want a GUI.
yupp. Then we start the next one June  . THis will be a yearly occurence till it occurs.
That's a pretty fatalistic view. I want it broken now, you know? Not next year.
Nothing burger
Someone give me a cutoff date, otherwise this dumb shit's just another failed nothingburger.Considering that they're messing with the Livestream (and there does look to be "some" damage already), it could happen quite soon. If heavy rains are incoming, I'm expecting by end of next week.When it starts to get really serious, I'm hoping even the Changs shilling here will have the heart to warn the people downstream and upstream (in the event that a landslide dam initially blocks downstream flow).
Its a race between the shitty dam and ccp to see which collapses first
God I hope it's on my birthday. Would be a present for my family that got dissapeared by the stasi.
if the global warming and the climate change is real. expect more extremes monster rains in the future.
Fuck me Gary.
Cunt
AUDIO ON LIVE STREAM IS LOOPED
if “Diehold foundation- greatest secret” -jewtube. Your answer is waiting
I am Anno Domini origin of all that is Gary dam collapses tomorrow anons.
Its all acceleration from hereAll they way to total global collapseIt will be glorious and terrible to watch
Yeah, i checked on catalog half an hour ago and there was  threads with a memeflaggot as OP, sad!
TGD Collapse  million dead chinks, famine averted, decisive CCP victory
A CHINGCHONG A LONGFuck off bugman.
I will assure you we're THE best meme flag.
checked
https://cloudconvert.com/Be sure to put vp as video codec and audio codec as none
Who ever drew that drawing is talented.
what a disgusting fucking faggot
The livestream keeps glitching and pixelating every few minutes which is disconcerting. cm rise at the dam so we're at something like m/s more inflow than outflow over the last hour (see: every time I do napkin math about the dam's inflow/outflow). Since the outflow has stayed consistent hour over hour at about ,m/s, I'd estimate that the inflow is somewhere around ,m/s at the moment.Get HYPE.
Do we know the (approximate) dimensions of the reservoir?
What does that mean? All that i see that makes me wonder is the green peak at the bottom. Does it signify air bubbles?
We have some reasonable approximations that we can make. Obviously some of it is based off assumptions since it isn't perfectly shaped the way that we want it to be, but it's not likely to be off by an order of magnitude.
/ block gone: https://youtu.be/_oRnwN_dhxA?t=:: perhaps?
They are definitely fudging the inflow number. Outflow most likely too. Green is supposed to signify a decrease. They just random it though
Bored drawfag here. I haven't been following if dam-chan has an established look or not, like Corona-Chan does. But give me some requests and I'll draw one of them.
The deluge hasn't even started yet but we are less than  hours away!Tomorrow will be very fun!
MY WATERS RISE!https://gamepedia.cursecdn.com/dota_gamepedia///Vo_morphling_mrph_spawn_.mp
Still there at https://youtu.be/_oRnwN_dhxA?t= We got our edge points lets pinpoint this faggot.
There have been a number of Dam-chan designs kicking around. I'll post a couple for reference, take from them what inspiration you please.As for requests, since the dam is already shifted, damaged and infiltrated by water, a beaten-up Dam-chan in a boxing outfit, leaning on the rope while Coach Xi tries to ignite her fighting spirit would be pretty fun and funny.Bonus points if her opponent, the storm, looks eager for the second round, since we've got a huge storm system coming to do to her what it did last week.

Dam-chan sitting on top of three gorges waters gushing from beneath her dress. Face full blush as she desperately tries to cover her shame.
And another
Suggesting this, boxing -tans sound like the shit
That would be bad for the ccp if the dam colapes because nuclear power plants, farmland, and people will die. The only victory that the ccp would get is that they can start doing photo shoots saving there citizens from the flooding.
One more for luck
We know the coin is covering bush now.
Spoiler, nothing will happen
There is a leaf that gets pissed off if you make her white. He redraws her chinese every time
They're most certainly fudging the numbers, since it takes them  minutes to report them now.No brakes on the hype train. I can't even sleep, I'm too excited for this.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JaiifcPuEY
Ah yes, Dam-chan's "tree of heaven"
Why is it always a leaf
So I know a thing or two about ICC building codes, and I looked up some info on dams. And I took what I learned and applied it to what coworkers have said about working in China. So usually, you have to dig down, hit bedrock, and drill into that to pour pylons to start building your dam off of. But because rivers in China are notoriously muddy and silty, what likely happened was they dug until they hit gravelly rocks, or a solid clay shelf. Inspectors there, even government ones, are so cowtowed and wimpy, they take whatever the construction companies say at face value. So if Ping Pong construction says they hit bedrock, no need to check. Of course, after several trillion gallons of water rush against it, even the tiny bit of flexibility concrete has will start going. Now your real problem won’t be when we see cracks. All it takes is for ONE Good sized crack to get past the elasticity of the rebar (which China has notoriously poor elasticity- standard is like -% elongation, domestic Chinese production can be as low as % and still get exported, god knows what they don’t dare ship out)Once a tensile section fails, it’ll be like a ripping cloth. Combined with shitty sand in their mix, I wouldn’t be surprised if all that rebar was half rust now. We’re going to learn the meaning of hubris to This year
"Tree of Heaven" aka Stink Tree
I like the idea of damaged Dam-chan. Dont think I'll go all out with the boxing ring and Xi but I'm gonna start on 'Dam'maged-Chan.
Concrete flexes a lot, I made a shitty gauge and parked a car on a slab and watched it bend. Fun times
I find that to be quite interesting in conjunction with what one anon put together for us a while back, which seems to vet your assumptions and assertions quite nicely. If it happens as you predict then it's going to be one of those spectacular dam collapses that will only get better every time we watch it.
One anon said that it smells like cum, which I think is hilarious, but I also think that it's fitting for Dam-chan's bush to smell like that given how hard the river has been fucking her.Sounds like a plan. We'll be looking forward to it.
What happens tomorrow?
anyone got higher quality? its unreadable

The stream is definitely looping the audio.
Is that like Punished "Venom" Snake then?
I know where the battle lines will be /pol/pic related
why is a "leaf" so autistic about ChinaThere are only two explanations, depending on whether he lives near a city or not.
Thanks anon. I agree you can only approximate; however, it is reasonable to say that the higher the reservoir gets, also the larger the reservoir gets. But that actually has the effect that if the height rate change is constant it thus means that the influx should be larger (since we now have a km reservoir).
This does
Its always a leaf, and checkedI went back and forth with him for an hour one night posting a meme and he colored her yellow and reposted. But at the time i thought he was a clever shill (which would be rare and delightful)Turned out to just be a shitposting leaf.Either way, i changed my dam chans to Chinese, but i insist that flood chan and sat chan are white.
A fair point. I'm sure that there's some way to emulate the curve of a river bottom in a way that would be reasonably consistent with reality, but I'm not an expert in rivers so unfortunately all I can do is make estimates.I might try my hand at finding something like that tomorrow once I've had some rest.
Is it only tomorrow with rain? What is the rest of the week like and beyond?
Praise Yu Shi.lord of the rain.may he bless china with his love.
Awesome, we needed to know this -- makes the whole stream highly suspect and imo in a way that confirms problemsthe video is different, you can see different things on it, but the audio is fake, indicating someone went to the trouble of faking the audio completely but the video only partially (webm rel, watch for timestamp and then watch for the black thing in the water).
Ping Pong constructionkekmight be worth to figure out how they actually calculate this influx. (i don't think they can measure this anywhere?). guess they do something like this napkin math plus something extra
Is it possible they aren’t lying about the outflow but are unable to measure all of it? Is it possible the outflow is k through conventional means but there is an additional k in seepage?
I dont get it. Its not like we're going to be seeing June levels of flooding, are we?Or is this just compounded by how horrific the damage already is?
what's breaking off where?
loop is every  seconds. if you hear a surge, wait  seconds, then the audio drops, if you wait  seconds again then you hear the surge again,  secs after audio drops again
Its just straw clutching by a few zealots unwilling to concede the dam won't fall. Reminiscent of the japs found on various Pacific islands during the s
Just a little bit of wall in the foreground. Is it important? No.But it does show that there might be over all build quality issues.
WAH-TAHHH!!!!!
at about :watch thatthen later see what happens to the timestamp. Either something broke off or there was some crap in the water. There are those that think it's an artifact also.
Are you on mobile?https://i.cdn.org/pol/.png
based hoover dam chan
No one knows where the inflow is measured at or how and its a km reservoir. Chinks are inherently untrustworthy but Id give benefit of doubt on infow
It's going to be over the weekend, through to Monday in some areas. Then a lull of a few days, and then more rain, and back and forth and back and forth... So sort of what we were seeing early on when this mess began.One of my projects was to identify where they got their training and what it consists of, so I'll see if I can pin down how they'd go about making their measurements and deductions. It might be as simple as knowing the shape of the river at a given location, the height of the water, and using that to determine the flow rate based on Bernoulli's formulas.
i think that's a video glitch. look at how it disappears. it disappears as if the footage was corrupted as opposed to diffusing into the water
After the rain stops you faggots will disappear instantaneously. None of you will create "sorry, was wrong about that" thread. You will go straight from "OMG, guys, it's falling apart RIGHT NOW" to silence and pretending you never posted here.
It's a compounding problem. The last big surge moved the dam, cracked it, and caused it to be infiltrated with water. That was a week ago, and that water has been hard at work soaking into the concrete. Now another big hammer of water is aiming squarely at the dam. It's going to make it shift again, make it crack further, and create more gaps for infiltration to weaken it further. Even if the dam doesn't snap like a twig over the weekend, if it keeps shifting like this it's not gonna last the season.
The audio on the feed isn't live
If I don't finish the drawing by the time this thread archives I'll be in one of the next ones. Gotta eat soon.....
Its not the original chang telecom feed, completely meaningless to pore over
Quakes have been moving closer and closer to TGD.Time is near at hand.
How would we even know if the dam bursts?
You sound so reasonable here, almost acceptably and perhaps persuasively so. But you also posted  and immediately I can't take you seriously as a result.Give them the benefit of the doubt? Really? After they covered up secret discharges for three days early in the season and slammed Yichang with water? After they repeatedly manipulated their data sets in ways that several anons have uncovered?I'm not giving them the benefit of anything, friendo. They've proven to be liars in the past, why grant them any leeway whatsoever on any of their data points if we can analyze things for ourselves?
I’m not accusing them of lying about outflow. I think they may genuinely have no idea. If they record outflow based on what they set it to they aren’t taking into account seepage or spillover. I knew nothing about dams before this it just occurred to me as a possibility and wanted to get people excited before someone came and disproved it.
I hope it happens soon, I have to COOOM
it can be reviewed by the timestamp. Like I said, some thought it was a glitch.hope and pray fren
this looks like an artifact anon
Its a race between the dam or the ccp to collapse firstIf the dam survives this season we will just start baking “CCP collapse general” /CCPCG/ But i am willing to apologize for dam chan if she turns out to be a tease
The video feeds will no longer be available.
Lots of useful and interesting info about GD and historical wetlands in this video.https://youtu.be/DLLEzS-HAh
Paragraph spacing, excessive verbosity, excessive hubris , rushed conclusions and a self referential post for approximations. No one takes you seriously 'anon'
You're fucking sick in the fucking head.
imagine wasting your time on this fucking image.
Taiwan is not a real country.
I don't need anyone to take me seriously, I just don't want them to give a shill like you the time of day. I think that would be the biggest waste of all. If I wanted to be taken seriously I wouldn't be here of all places.
ok chang
I recognize everything but the b and the corn. Why the fuck is there corn in there?
These gooks are fucked no matter what. Nothing can be done to save them and nothing can be done to screw them over even more. It's just how things go in China. China is corrapsing as it periodicarry does. Now we get to see dynasty corrapse and it's aftermath in real time and amplified due to unnatural population growth from imported technologies.
communist china is not a real country, just a criminal organization enslaving republic of china
Their corn is gonezo.
Imagine wasting time peddling this juvenile nonsense.
But he's not a sinochauvinist Chang, so he has that going for him.You're right. It's just one region under the legitimate National Republic of China, which is unfortunately mostly occupied by a Post-Maoist terror regime. Nigger.
 years wisdom
that's a glitch that i see a lot more in the mooo stream than the youtube streamidk about the timestamp
How about Dam-chan getting penetrated by a treant/futa dryad or whatever as long as it's a tree because we noticed a Tree of Heaven growing on the dam. The tree smells like semen based on the reports.
Says a fake country, okay moron. Nothing you ever say can dismiss or diminish great accomplishments made by the great Chinese nation. Nothing can besmirch or tarnish its glorious history rife with tremendous achievements of great importance to the global community. No matter how assiduously you attempt to denigrate the Chinese culture from which many a beautous thing springs and embellishes this grim world, you will never be able to obfuscate the great valor and inventiveness of this perseverant and powerful nation. Your asinine, juvenile remarks inextricably mired in the pop culture superficiality, which has come to typify the modern Western culture at large, can't do anything to undermine Chinese assets both in societal harmony, homogeneity as well as Chinese appreciation for culture and the spirit of discipline transcending the borders of its strong state. All you can do is yelp and screech like a bunch of feral dogs. And that's all you will ever be.
im not even attempting to read it changthere's nothing legitimate about CCPjust bunch of lying criminals
The molded corn is because many ccp grain stores have molded and rotted. Corn worms are destroying corn they are growing.The gray corn is filler in concrete in some Chinese construction from pic that circulated the other day
Here is your tinfoil hat, Mr. Schizo, you dropped it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pzYGWFqrts
Can we get a gif of dam chan staring off into the distance. The from below, water-chan sneaks behind dam chan and jump on her hugging her and they both fall.
Nothing can besmirch or tarnish its glorious history rife with tremendous achievements of great importance to the global communityBEHOLDC O R N
The CCP owns you and yet, here you are deluding yourself, thinking you're some kind of hot shit. Pretty pathetic if you ask me.
if CCP owned me i wouldnt be able to say they are bunch of criminal subhumans and you are a projecting retard chang
Checked
I can't tell if he's serious anymore.
they own you thoughyou cant say that
Can sombody start pruning these threads? The flood is almost over and there is no point in following any of that, it's just a waste of time.
Say “Free Hong Kong” right now.
Do you know if there has been a consistent difference in reported outflow vs reservoir depth? If it is consistently off by the same amount could that give us a rough estimate of what they are letting through unchecked via seepage and spillover?
Found the china shill.
Kek
Well, you will see for yourself soon enough. He who laughs last, laughs longest.
We know exactly why your here, you thrive on the adulation on the low iq, easily corrupted who inhabit these threads. Keep spouting those factoids and they'll happily keep blowing smoke up your arse.
Stop with the fucking copypasta already you LARPing faggot. At least try to make something original if you're gonna LARP as a chink.
Taiwan is not a real country and neither is Hong Kong.
He who laughs last is too stupid to understand the joke.
The flood is almost over and there is no point in following any of that, it's just a waste of time.No RMB for (you) Wumao.
Shut the fuck up, you stupid fuck.
China numbah wuan!!!
too bad you'll be too deep under water to laugh
Show flag. Bet you're brazilian
Since you’re bored too...how’s your night going?
free hong kongfree tibet.china will split into  different countries by the end of this year tibet, xinjiang, southern china, and northern china. inner mongolia might even break off and join mongolia.
Outflow is down by ,m/s from the last hour and the water level shot up by cm, so we're looking now at something closer to ,m/s inflow based on the napkin math.So that's...where we were during peak time last weekend. Already. And the storm isn't at the dam yet, and the runoff hasn't hit the river yet. Who thinks we'll make it to ,m/s inflow this time around? We're already above  this time, too, so getting above the m mark might not just be feasible but inevitable if the rains can hold out.WeWho "we"? The CCP? You flatter me, that you would take notice of this humble Turbo Autist and consider him enough of a thorn to fret about my words. I am almost honored, if your notice were worth getting worked up about.
It's the middle of the afternoon in China. So culturally insensitive, to not even check the time zone he's living in first...
Bet you like dogs.That dog looks delicious. If you weren't a dumb baizuo, you could appreciate a well-prepared dog without all that feel-good bullshit.
Keksafezone from ccp shill
Fine, a little rainy, but otherwise, fine. Gonna have a soup in a moment.
You get your . for that one? Seems weak.
Er....what kind of soup ??
I got you leaf, good eye!We can speculate all day long about glitches and artifacts or whatever else you want to call the anomalies in the stream. What we do know is that the stream is on a delay, it is being edited before we see it and sometimes the retards editing fuck it up and screw up the timestamp. Webm related.
Both Hong Kong and Tibet is a rightful Chinese clay.
You have been reported to the CCP for subverting their great fire wall. Your social credit points have been dropped. Please stay where you are so glorious leader Xi can come and take you for organ reassignment. Thank you. Have a nice day.
i'm gonna be real sad when i wake up tomorrow and there's mirrion less chinks on the pranet
You're trying too hard nigger. No chink will admit that he eats dog meat because they care about face and shit.
Plz dam-chan, fix this
He ain’t no yellow ant. I was trying to bait him.
Some noodles and some meat, tastes like a regular chicken broth, but has a slightly spicier taste.
Rent free
Is it wrong that I felt relief it wasn't a dog?
Fuuuuck
whoisthesoupnow.jpeg
what the fuck am I looking at?I thought it was a dog too and did feel better when I realized it was a chink baby but im still disturbed and confused.
"yangtzhe-chan you will eat the bugs."
Are you kidding? People from all regions of the world cherish the dog meat, I know it because I've seen it. Just because a certain thing doesn't correspond to your vision of the perfect world doesn't mean it doesn't happen. Dog can be delicious if prepared correctly, it's not even a controversial thing to say outside of Asia.
This looks similar to a CPU bottlenecking.
You know, UN flag chink calling me schizo made me start thinking the schizoest thoughts I could manage out of spite.He abuses copypasta, or at least reuses the same talking points in paraphrase, sure, but isn't it odd how decent a typist he is? Mostly English fluent, above the Chang average, but genuinely sort of stilted as you'd expect from a Mandarin speaker and with occasional mistakes? How overflowery he is? How sheerly up his own ass he is, even for a Changposter? And he uses UN flag instead of commie flag or a plausibly expatriate VPN flag like leaf or burger. He could be a LARP, even stillBut remember how early on in, say, Pizzagate, we had panicky nigger anons who typed in an 'off' fashion who got called out as Jaime Alefantis or John Podesta, responded in the implicit affirmative, and took it a little too badly for it to be LARP and engaged in panicked deletions? And that isn't the first time some dumb politician seemingly came and got blown out.What if our resident Wolf Warrior Diplomat UN flag changposter is literally Xi Jinping engaging in Trump-style twitter diplomacy in chan when he's on break, in between actual state matters, shitting up the Damposter threads in a hate-fueled panic because he knows he's fucking done just like the Dam?Well, that's a silly fantasy, probably. But in case it's true: XI JINGPING, YOU'RE A DUMB CHINK NIGGER! THE HAN ARE A RACE OF MISCEGENATED MONGREL DOGS WHO HAVE HAD THE SOUL RAPED OUT OF THEM BEFORE EVEN RECORDED HISTORY! NAMELESS DRAGON FAMILY ARE NIGGERS TOO! EAT SHIT! EAT MY SHIT! FUCK YOU!Nigger.

I'm sure she's already eating. yum yum.
south china is not all regions of the world bugman
Yes, the ccp.You're not extraordinary, nor even noteworthy. Memorable sure, but only in an embarasing and pitiful manner.I genuinely feel sorry for you.

Yangtze-chan must really be chinese!She'll eat anything!
I'm not fuckinng Xi Jinping, are you out of your fucking midn, get a fuckinh head check, you stupid fuck.
Just found this video of the simulation with a dude making a voiceover explaining in englishhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RjHWkCdZdOEThis is horrific. I would run to the hills if i hadn't already if i were Chinese
CHINKY DON'T SURF

I'm not fuckinng Xi Jinpinghe fucks you
the planes hitting the wtc registered as . earthquakes. the collapses were in the . range.
I'm going to sleep. See you guys tomorrow for the storm that is predicted to happen there. If it doesn't rain on the livestream, then we'll know for certain that it's a recording.Tomorrow should be very informative with a mild chance of habbedign.
okay wow good find. cross-checked it on this stream: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SrqVYmgOX also hangs over there, so it was not a glitch from the streamers' side it seemsit's really sick if they are really editing out all debris. just take down the stream then. for "maintenance"
I'm not Xi Jinping, stop fuckinng falling for ludicrous conspiracy theories.
uh ohdid I strike a nerve, you slant-eyed Marxist tool, you chinky dimwitWinniethePooh?
Well when your hiding from your country you got time to visit chan I guess. Hello emperor Poo.
look chang i just said he fucks you like a little bitch you are
xi's a faggot
Here’s another from yesterday
You're losing your fucking mind Xi, just leak sum fuck on /pol/ while you still can.
I'm not Xi Jinping, I swear to God I'm not him, why you people don't beliebe me, I don't evem like the dude, he is an overbearing bureaucrat, stop calling me that. Stop falling for conspiratorial shit.
I'm glad you used the gender neutral pronouns. it really means a lot.
I'm not fucking Xi, get this through your thick fukcing skull, stop calling me that.
What is your opinion on Russia and Russians?
State-sponsored russkies ruined this board.
it is run by jew Putin like USA
Yeah, totally not the MIGApede boomer migrants from r/The_Donald. It’s the totally the russians. It’s the Chinese as well. It’s anyone that isn’t jewish or a shabbos goy. Fuck off, faggot.
Subhuman Mongoloids. Hitler was right.
This. Russia has the most muslims out of any country in Europe if you can even consider Russians as European to begin with.
Nice reply, comrade. Very cool, very American.
Seem okay. Would be cool to get them and the rest of the European world together to check China, keep shits in line, and start a third Concert of Europe, but it will probably have to wait until their demographic winter puts the brakes on their own imperial ambitions.
Mongol rape babies, some have more German blood but the average penis size is pathetic. Which basically tells you what true aryans there are are few and far between.
Not what my government tells me it should be.
They hacked the  election and got this Orange man into office.Thank you dicktator Poutin!
no one cares about my opinion but Russia objectively is based as fuckeroo
This. I’m a Russian bot. Ignore jews though. Fucking kike.
soulless drug addicts. empty, dead inside, devoid of any humor. generally shitty to be around, at least the immigrants are
good ppl and bad ppl just like within every demographic group
/ russians are good/ ukrainians are good/ germans are good/ swedes are good
At the nation creation screen the player maxed out all points into beautiful women and neglected everything else.
Most russians are fine, their govt is sketchy.
I like Russians, I just talk shit about them because I can perceive their shilling and when your guy gets put into the boards you smash one of theirs. I'd like Putin a lot if his people actually pushed helpful shit more often but they always just worry about causing shit or strengthening the agenda for the very rich that they utilize/piggyback upon. Geopolitically, I'm not necessarily against them in all of their contentions. Like the fallout from the decision to put missiles on their borders. That clearly was a bunch of bullshit, and if it genuinely is just to protect against terrorists then Russia's request to assist was perfectly reasonable and necessary. That was a huge mistake that has caused and will cause a lot of problems.But I am deeply against the Ukraine situation, not the motivations, maybe that place actually is full of ethnic Russians who want to go back to the country that they were a part of before that area was given away...My problem with it is how it was handled. Russian should have found a way to buy it. Instead they use violence against a nation that had disarmed its nuclear weapon capability in good faith.I believe it's a major mistake to set such a precedence, reducing nuclear weapon potential is always more desirable then proliferation or retention and now everybody else knows for sure that doing so may come at the cost of sovereignty.
it is said that eastern europeans can hear this image
After watching Chernobyl on HBO I learned a lot. I know a lot of you are going to go "oh my god amerimutt education!. That was Ukraine!," but you're all the same former bloc of vodka swilling, AK firing commie dinks. You've gotten your vengeance for the years of humiliation by stoking our racial differences, but KANYE AND MUSK WILL RISE TO NEW HEIGHTS!
dont know any. Have no opinion. Long as they mind their business and leave us alone theyre alrght
Garbage men hot babes. They only larp as jews we let them in for slavic pussy.
Mixed mongrel subhumans (not that america is any better)
the last white empireand yes white muslims are included in the empire
my opinion on russia is that Australia should really crack down on unregistered Proxy servers in their country
https://twitter.com/nature_and_race/status/?s=White americans are far worse. Atleast Russians have self respect.
After watching Chernobyl on HBO I learned a lot.HBOBased mutt education.
So did white Americans until your tribe ruined them.
they're based for not tolerating faggots and they have a cool national anthem + cute broads
would bang
If white people are so dumb that they don't know what's good for them and they need the jewish media to tell them, they deserve what they get.
Russia is your last hope in future race war
Why’d you post a Turkish prostitute? It’s literally mocha brown too. What the fuck.
You guys don't even have the GDP of Italy.
. you're on /pol/ so u're probably ashkenazi that means white. they also control u
Your own government b&ed and v&ed any actual ethnic nationalists years ago and you’re posting anime. You aren’t helping anyone else in a race war, you half chink, half churka.
Krokodil injecting aids positive alcoholic mail order bride shithole who should be the last people lecturing others on degeneracy.
Chink eyed mongol muttslast hopeIt’s over
Based tartar milker poster
sounds pretty darn cute if you ask me!
I think that's just how some of them look honestly, who knows what the steppes dragged in over the years. I'm down with actual turks too pic related
Last time when Italy helped fight with communist they freezes to death at south of Russia, couldn’t even bring warm clothes
Love em both. Great literature, music and art in general, some of my fav writers are Russians.
At least we don’t lick nigger’s boots
That’s what (((they))) are telling you about us
Rape Greeks into oblivion and absorb their whiteness
 Openly against gays and trannies Strong reinforcement of traditional gender roles Deviation of any sort of frowned uponI dunno fellas, they seem pretty based to me
You are the niggers in Europe. Up until Europe imported actual niggers, Slavshits were the only niggers in Europe.
and now everybodyNowEveryone who wasn't a naive retard knew this from the beginning.
What is your opinion on Russia and Russians?Would fuck.
I like them.
A nation beaten into submission by one dictatorship after another, honestly they just make it official and get a Tsar again. Also a constant pain in it's neighbors asses.
gayreeksand nothing of value was lost
Putin is an insecure Manlet who wants the world to take russia as seriously as he thinks it did the USSR, russia itself is a africa-tier shithole with a couple passable cities, russians run the gamut between alright to gopnik to tankie revanchist, Russian shills are annoying but sometimes entertaining.
I think the Russians suffered the greatest injustice the world has ever seen. https://www.bitchute.com/video/snPYDjKBEQ/
Let's check the last time every major city in Russia was threatened with being burned down and suffering major civil unrest. What is this? It hasn't happened since the cold war when the US was interfering? What is this!?!?
t. Mizrahi subhuman who is ruled by russian larpers
Test
What is your opinion on Russia and Russians?Not bad country (at least they don't have much niggers like muttmerica or france) and based religion.Some Ruskies men are latino-tier and ruskies women are extremely qt.Also, one day i will go to Russia and will impregnate an russian qt and you can't stop me.
You understand that there are alternatives to living in Brazil or being literal white skinned niggers, right?
Stupid, drunk, violent, selfish, treacherous, lying, inbred, evil These are the words that come to mind when I hear the word Russia
Someone post "WHITE LIVES MATTER" billboard in Russia, on phone dont have it.
You are too short and brown and possibly fat to be let in at the airport.
You...are..FINE
ShortMaybe, my height is , m, in this shithole is normal.brownWhite skin but brown eyes and dark hairfat Nah, my weight is  kg.So fuck off, my fellow kneeler.
They are ok, apart from all the kikes and moslems that live there.
You did forget "chauvinistic"muh Russia!
Keep on telling it to yourself, have a seat near to burning ashes of your cuties and keep on telling it
Slavs that have been infested by communism. Hot chicks though
Anyone who knows the history of Russia before communism knows that they were just as subhuman and evil before it.
We took the first strike of evil in XX century and still somehow survived. Now Satan is trying to conquer West, good luck
Shit hole country full of mongoloids. They have nothing in common with anyone. Theyre not white, theyre not asian they're just scum. Everytime I ran into some in Thailand, Bali or Dubai there was instant animosity and I wanted to fight them and they me. Thy piss everyone off.I do however admire Putin and their heavy handed culture. One good thing about them is they don't tolerate bullshit.
Seem like decent people. I have respect for their many accomplishments.
NANI? Please elaborate.
that's a country where a husband would sell his wife for a L of vodka.
why are there so many slide threads? what is being slid? wikileaks?
We saved you from Mongols, faggot
They're alright I suppose.
I don't want to be racist but... WHY IS IT ALWAYS NIGGERS DOING THIS SHIThttps://twitter.com/stillgray/status/
You don't want to be racist, yet it just happens the more you are exposed to them, like a natural reaction to an action.
I don't want to be racistI didn't even have to look to know it was a fucking leaf
I don't think I want to fight for this.
Racism is illogical and stupid but...constant pattern recognition is another thing.
stupid mutt
Lol, how weak are niggers? The White dude was ganged up on by like  of them and he still took one of them to the ground. If there was only like  of them there they would of probably ended up in the er if he was really angry. But seriously why do all these fights consist of eight niggers ganging up on someone and not being able to kill them? The average person should be able to give some one serious brain if they are able to hit the head a couple of times. Kind of pathetic. And in the end he has bruise on hit neck.
Recognizing the biological and genetic differences between race is logical and intelligent. If you deny that blacks are more violent due to genetic factors, you are also denying evolution.
you see the flag.wrong flag nigger. buy ammo, crock pots and guns. be prepared to slow cook your meals.
ok nigger
The evil CCP hates to see this kind of freedom

What's with the white dude being totally fine after getting beat by six people?
This, he doesn't even seem bothered.
What's he gonna do? Call the cops?
Racism is illogical and stupidRacism doesn't exist, you faggot. Ethnocentrism, on the other hand, does. Stop using that Jew word unironically. Same with the Jew word "Nazi." Drop them from your vocabulary.
Recognizing the biological and genetic differences between race is logical and intelligent.Imagine using the word "racism" unironically and posting on pol.
I mean, I don't think he even needs to. He doesn't seem like he's in any pain at all. He looks like he's about to start laughing at how pathetic that mobbing was.
It was his blm contribution.
Why do african countries even have flags, isn’t that a white thing? They should be swinging beads, small animal bones and feathers around right?
That makes a lot of sense. The words mean the same thing but one has less autist pretense. Whelp maybe thats the push I needed.
You don't want to be racistNobody wants to be racist, everyone just is.
Niggers are so weak, if niggers were rightfully getting purged they wouldn't last a week.
I don’t want to be racistrealizes niggers act like violent animalsYou’re not racist OP. That’s a bullshit term, coined to make you feel bad about standing up for yourself against people that want you dead.
Add basketball american
You should consider "bird watcher" for your list.
The CCP is funding shit like this.
These people are just fucking LARPers, they just want to feel special when they know that their worth is absolutely nothing
From the stories I heard niggers have very weak muscles and are called "popcorn muscles" because they are used for intimidation only. Also the lack of intelligence makes their attacks even more ineffective.
Appropriating white cultureBased
Post evidence.
this please
BLM is one leader away from a genocide. Too bad they are all too stupid. More likely to be enslaved if anything.
I don't want to be racist but..kek
Who do you think the automatic weapons are for?https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/local-media-release/-assault-weapons-parts-seized-cbp-louisville
Who tf is this?
I don't want to be racistyou will be
POSE EMBINGDENS PREES
Did you even read that article? Nothing in there about BLM, Antifa, or even the CCP. That's not evidence.
I don't want to be raciston /pol/you don't need to lie, not here of all places
/pol/ no longer has any standardsNorway is funding BLM.
This is your future white people. If this what they're doing to whites now, Imagine how bad it will be when whites become the minority. It's your fault for listening to the Jewish media.
What a young chad.Flirting with the jungle bunny right after.Also niggers get jumped like this all the time op, just no one cares because it’s by other niggers or minorities.
Niggers are weak hitters lolThis Amerimutt rape baby pothead is completely unphased due to his Aryan blood.
Imagine the smell.
It's your fault for listening to the Jewish media.Flag checks out.
The head of Canadian antifa.
How has "diversity" benefited you? Lower wages? A media that indoctrinates your youth to idolize niggers? Feeling uneasy when outnumbered by niggers? how the fuck is being racist illogical
painchoad
And you stop capitalizing the word "jew".
All industry in CHina is the CCP.
Niggers are cowards. Nothing new to see here, seven of them could hardly take down one White man, pathetic.
...moon cricket?
im afraid im becoming racist anon
Whitoid got rekt lmao
fuck off back to israel you jew cuck
is this Lizzo?
Screaming like monkeys and thats not an exaggeration.
don't want to be racistwhy?
those chimp screamsyep, it's niggers
Gradually, I began to hate them...
i'm just glad whites have stopped relaxing around blacks
Literally... LITERALLY... how do you become such a flaming fuckin fag
Why do you know that slob fat negresses name?
Kaffir is the arabic slur for non believersThe Afrikaans slur for niggers is kaffer
Why they sound like monkeys?
Niggers are so weak, if niggers were rightfully getting purged they wouldn't last a week.This yeah there's a few pure breed slave types that dominate sports but your average nig can't compare to chad european genetics
...moon cricket?I asked about this one before apparently it's because of them singing at night time kek
Normies going full steam on pedo ring
Redpill me on adrenochrome
My wife has been showing me post of her suburban mom friends they're all raging about pizzagate. Karen has fallen down the rabbit hole. Get your fucking popcorn ready boys.
Either retards or a jewish gayop to distract from actual jewish crimes
My normie family have even started noticing this shit, kikes are going down
Find the streams of unification People are divided, but there are some things they can all get behind. Rally around those channels. Keep using your voice and your platforms.Keep spreadingPeople are fed up with feelings of enslavement, and the cabal are the ones feeding off of it. Keep pushing this. Do something about it.
Viacom fucked up big time slapping Nick cannon for what he said.Now everyone's focusing their attention upon those we aren't allowed to talk about.Save this image and use it.Spread the media one too.
this week I heard about "elite pedos", epstein and "adrenochrome" from complete left-wing normies.it's coming from everywhere, WTF is happening?
Epstein is what made me far left. Capitalism concentrating power in pedo rings is the best thing that has happened for socialist rhetoric in ages.
I just made a huge long ass post about the pedo cabal, Sabbatan frankism, Saturn cult worship and the deep state on my normiebook. No crazy confrontations yet. I'm guessing no one reads it it's so long.
holy shitthe great awakening is actually realwow this is unironically pretty shocking how far this information has pierced the public sphere
q bullshitoh boy can't wait for biden to win lmfaooooooooooooo
jewish gayop to distract from actual jewish crimesThis
So close and yet so far. Go far right you retard. National Socialism. Nationalism. Socialism. Get it fucking right.
These people literally grab children off of the streets and sell them into sexual slavery all over the world.
NatSoc is actually far-left (but a far-left that defends white people)

Nazis just want to take money and power from the Jews and give it to the whites that act the same way. I am somewhat nationalist but not in regards to race.
you are a useless blue pilled Abo
You are useful to the Murdoch types.
Kill yourself with a gympie-gympie leaf you paint sniffing smooth brainAnything you attempt in life will be done wrong.
Adrenchrome is kind of a meme, misdirection, or not a completely accurate depiction of what is being done. The elite do harvest young blood and fluids saturated with HGH. Adrenaline and psycho-active chemicals from the pineal and pituitary glands to transfuse in their own bodies. The steal organs as well. People like Soros and Rockefeller didn't simply use state of the art health care with their infinite wealth. The ultra rich want to live as long as possible as their primary goal. There are studies from young and old mice spliced together and it reverted the aging process of the old mouse. Its insane.https://www.nature.com/articles/nm.https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov//Its already being done legally with  year olds as well. Its not that hard to extrapolate to young targets on the black market, think John of God and his baby harvesting farm in Brazil.https://www.ambrosiaplasma.com/Blood Libel and blood rituals have been around since the beginning of time unfortunately. You can also bathe in blood for healing properties too. The "folklore" of the Countess Liz Balthory.There are two paths of Kaballah. Its taught in the highest eschelons of Freemasonry that if you treat your body as a temple of God you can activate and "baptise" your Sacred Seed naturally. The pineal gland, pituitary gland, and claustrum all work in tandem to secret oils which get transformed in your solar plexus and then returned to the claustrum for seemingly super human mental processing abilities and regeneration, anti-aging etc.The Satanic elite stray from godliness and steal those from young children and follow the left-handed path. Its the faster method of course but getting them from other sources turns off your own natural production so its a double edge sword if your supply is cut off, and its evil of course.Synthetic adrenochrome exists but I think the term is a street name sort of for what they do and encompasses more effects than the synthetic
Imagine how much your mother drank while pregnant to be believe the Nazi Labor based economy was the same as the Jewish debt based usury we have today. Epstein is what made me far left. Far left is their end game. You Abo
Interesting.
That commie chart hilarious. Most Jews were killed in ussr as they were rich, merchants, upper class. Stop coping.
Jews never had it better than they did in the USSR the Iron Curtain only applied to Goyim.
Whose going to be the brave lad and tell them about Israel being the central hub of trafficking? Maybe throw in a good quote from Hitler on how Israel would be a pointless nation serving as the hub of international jewish criminality for a nice backdrop.Doubt they'll listen. In fact I guarantee it.
So faceberg really is + years behind imageboard neckbeards?Based
Lol poor little Bolsheviks, think of the  millions Kulaks.... oh wait
I want to steal the youth of a  year old and bath in blood where do i sign up
Has it always as been, almost every single truly popular meme atm originated here, or is a mutation thereof, apart from the ones that predate the site obviously
"Where are those Jews hiding!"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwctt_KpMStupid Greek, Lurk moar
Eh bolshevist jews had it cozy living like effendi whilst the goyim toiled and died at their whim. They still had on and off disputes with zionist kikes though.
This is why China and the US are invading each other's embassies now. The average people are getting too close, so we're going to have World War III in two weeks to cover it up. Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos will sell tickets on their rockets to the rich so they can be in orbit when the nukes fly.
Normies don't use Facebook. It's just unhinged boomers and grandma's.
faceberg will have a siege phase in a couple of years
Some normie chink friend from high school that makes semi popular tiktok videos is going full woke on wayfair/pizza shit on facebook and its fucking great
Its literally the Abrosia website I posted the link for you. Its expensive though. They are doing straight transfusions. Bathing in it idk. Balthory murdered s of young virgin women to do so
Socialism is a right wing ideologyNigga, stop falling for the right/left meme.
release one epicberg productions movie debunking and fact checking everything and they'll be back to watching sex in the city by weeks end.
even my mom has started talking about pizzagate. she asked have i heard about pizzagate and i said mom, wtf you think ive been ranting about the past few years
Do you think eating tampons would do it cheaper
Sounds to me like the lockdown is gonna end early lmao
Since you are a faggot this is now a Pizzagate/Pedogate proofs thread
Part  Podesta communicates is Tamera Luzzato and the children coming to the "farm"(a vacation house) He calls children under  entertainment for the nightcont--
Part Tamera Luzzato was found to have a blog called Evie's Crib in  where she was literally pimping out the same kids referred to in the email. She explicitly says raw and uncut footage of children and babies. WTFcont--
Part Tamera Luzzato is seen as an employee of the Senate office for Hillary Clinton. Hmm
https://www.bitchute.com/video/muPgLMVI_g/Absolutely essential brief summary and documentary of evidence collected in regards to Pedogate. Some newer connections as well. It moves fast but is incredibly well researched and isn't reaching in the slightest.
The elite do harvest young blood and fluids saturated with HGHNo, they don't, retard. Injections of exogenous AA HGH raise your blood serum levels to suprahuman levels. What inspires you to make up easily disproven bullshit and post it as fact?What compels you to be wrong on purpose?
Harrowing. Always carry a pistol.
The ultra rich want to live as long as possible as their primary goalThen spiking your IGF levels into guaranteed cancer territory would be fucking retarded, which is what you are suggesting. idiot.
Injections of exogenous AA HGH raise your blood serum levels to suprahuman levels.Human Growth Hormone, commonly referred to as HGH or HGH AA, is produced by the healthy human body by the pituitary gland which is situated at the base of the brain.From my original postAdrenaline and psycho-active chemicals from the pineal and pituitary glands to transfuse in their own bodiesEverything I said checks out
Synthetic adrenochrome exists but I think the term is a street name sort of for what they do and encompasses more effects than the syntheticThere is no difference between synthetic and organic CHNO, it's a molecule not a Margherita. Strike , boomer moron.
someone should share the pol infographics and shiet to them
Boomers do more harm than good with this nonsense. Not one of them looks into the Dutroux Affair, the Franklin Scandal etc or anything real.Nope its just spurious second hand nonsense peddled by low iq retards that does nothing but discredit any true conspiracies. The whole Q thing actually began as a means to divert attention off high quality focused pizzagate research as something real was uncovered there. Instead now it's a partisan Trump cult sperging out about the mole children in the tunnels. They should be ashamed of themselves, the consequences of their actions will be far reaching. When some Q loon shoots up a bunch of democrats screaming about the children in the tunnels then they'll find out what "Q"''s true purpose was from the start.
Ok sinxe you are a retard ill dumb this down:Exogenous injectable HGH raises your HGH levels higher than any you could extract from a human. So getting HGH from a human would be weaker, stupid and pointless. Just like getting testosterone from a human instead of from steroids. its retarded.
IFG is known to cause anti aging effects. Cancer is easily preventable and not hard to reduce the potential occurrence. Decreasing the aging of your cellular properties is something we can't do besides basically stealing it from younger subjects.
the cabalJust say Jews you utter faggot
Everything I said checks outAdrenochrome isnt produced in human glands, its an oxidized byproduct of adrenaline, which we synthesized over a century ago and call it epinephrine. you are clueless.
deep stateWhat is your definition of the deep state? Just the entrenched bureaucracy?
IFG is known to cause anti aging effects. Cancer is easily preventable Not when you are forcing telomere damaged cells to reproduce. You are creating cancer. unpreventable cancer. Have a doctor punch you in the face.
It likely has less side effects as its coming naturally directly from a living source compatible with your own living flesh. Also there is the ritualistic aspect.Its already proven the Chinese torture dogs and animals before they kill them for increased adrenaline response saturating the meat. https://patch.com/california/glendora/l-co-condemns-yulin-dog-meat-festival-slaughter-dogs-cats-china-south-korea
Funny how Q followers always love to call out the chinese but you'll never see them post about rabbi's mutilating babies genitals and sucking the blood from its penisAn actual satanic blood ritual performed on babies open for all the see, yet the Q boomers say nothing.Because the jews are your masters and they don't want you catching on that it is them doing these crimes.
adrenaline in the pituitary glandThis is what I said. I already explained the term Adrenochrome is misleading in regards to what the elite actually do. Nice (((meme flag))) btw
They'll have destroyed all the evidence by now, its gained too much traction. Better give em tire necklaces just to be safe though.
It likely has less side effectsHeh you completely made that up with zero proof. Why do you do this?
US military veterans officially support antifa. When will you realize that you are on the wrong side of history, /pol/? Even conservative, God-fearing, heavily armed white male military veterans support leftists now. Your era is over.
No one believes you.
then go and join them
I am a Veteran, I'd curb stomp black bloc faggots the minute I saw them.Antifa is Chinese agitprop. Anyone too dumb to see that is no longer qualified to be an American Citizen.
fat boomer "vets" that lost to rice farmersI'd say they get the rope as well, but it would probably break.
do you ever get tired of posting this shit?or are you just another intern they hired?how long are your shifts?do you try to have constant uptime?do your handlers get scared when there isnt a retard like you posting retard threads like this?because if you were really winning, you wouldn't be here
I heard a quote I really like:Cognitive dissonance is when you applaud the union destroying state rights by killing confederate civilians then turn around and claim that arresting Portland criminals who burn federal buildings is wrong.Down with traitors.
oh say can you see by the prolapsed rectum
working a desk job in the military for  years is worth jack fucking shit, I don't know why people automatically assume that every moron who has ever served in the military is a supra elite operator
wrong side of historyyou really need to go back, you fucking cretin
If that's true, they are traitors to this country. This is what happens when you let homosexuals and women into the military.
The average person is a literal retard and vets are the same.Most of the decent people supporting this stuff are literally just ignorant victims of propaganda. They believe what is written in media.

In fairness non-combat navy and airforce veterans are mostly homosexuals so im not surprised.
Did these guys serve with the switch board operator that can blow a man in half at  yards with an m?
Kill yourself right now OP
based
There are a decent number of welfarist, ZOG worshipping veterans out there. They're almost always supply or admin betas with PTSD and disability. The people who are at the top of their game (SOF, pilots, engineers) are overwhelmingly right wing and nationalist
because there is no quality filter.Start using combat Veteran instead of veteran.
Yeah, it’s only some. There are totally good members of the Israel Foreign Legion.
Weren't most of these vets injected with mind-altering drugs back during their tour? It could explain this somehow.
When will you realize that you are on the wrong side of history, /pol/?When will you realize that history does not have sides?
It's  vets. Already looked them up. Rest are just normal people. They're just trying to sell it as some big gathering of vets. It's not.
Yep
Vets, by and large, are low IQ morons. Doesn’t surprise me they are shilling for these subhumans.
prolly some faggot medical discharge airmen. no one cares nigger. i hope they shoot faggots and commies
To add to this, they were all three "medically discharged."
oif -, -, oef -. I cant wait to hang those faggots from the lamp posts.
Even conservative, God-fearing, heavily armed white male military veterans support leftists now
US military veterans officially support antifaNah

NRURR ESHH VREERTRENNN SCCHUUPPORRRRTSHUSHHHH HYURRRR
A bunch of Chair Force tags from Oregon
I'd bet there's not one "veteran" there who saw any combat.
Love this gif so fucking much, take my OC take it
Bettah wear da maaaaaskFaaaaaaaaagooooots
Bunch a fake vets , rejects, and dropouts.
The majority of vets don't support antifa
As if they're not calling it empty in the hopes some vets will show up. Grow up sweet nigger child.Here's a very pwrful pic.
Vets, by and large, are low IQ morons.I fucking dare you to come to America and say that to the face of a rural Trump supporter. MAGA will bash your skull in for talking shit about the troops. These vets have the respect of MAGA, and if they support antifa, then maybe we as Trump supporters should reevaluate our own position on antifa.
Lol how do you know they are vets? Classic psyops move. Just wear something a vet would wear, bang, a vet
Yeah them claim it on twittergradually I began to hate them.
ID
Three did show apparently, all "Medical discharge". You can't convince me there's no fuckery.
Because we call that stolen valor, and it's the quickest way to get disappeared by a right wing militia like the Boogaloo Boys. Nobody dares.
bragging about how many human shields you haveno fucking shame
US military veterans officially support antifa.People who were armed forces destabilizing other countries are now in support of armed forces destabilizing America.Color me shocked
Dumb thing to say. There are geniuses in the mil and morons, just like normal. The US has well over a million people in its military. It needs ditch diggers too
I too have seen Jacob's Ladder
Probably a bunch of ex reservist that never deployed.
What was this whole thing about again?Some meth head nigger dying of an overdose in police custody?
Cant blame people for joining their own country's military. That's brainlet talk. Many people came from almost nothing and make a great living after military, are mentally and physically fit from the experience, and reject ZOG influence. You can use it to your advantage
Any veteran who lives in Portland and participates in this nonsense is already lower than your standard welfare queen.
Lol they can live in commie land... they are conservatives. Fuck em. Communist traitors.
That's the shit I mean. Kooky "vaccines" do exist.
One was in Afghanistan for  months. About it. All three medically discharged.
damn
 years Army. I do not support them. They disgust me and I look forward to an actual shooting war. I won't start it but I'll do my best to finish it.

veteransAll vets are communist. Are you familiar with the effects of world war ? The American legion call one another comrade. / + American wars = refugee crisis = browning Europe = chaos = communism.
Is there any proofs that they are vets?
Even conservative, God-fearing, heavily armed white male military veterans support leftists now. Lol, conservative, I don't think so. And the vast majority of vets don't support Antifa or leftists. Your era is over.Whose era are you referring to?
Putting that sign up is proof he’s capable of not acting like a retard when fireworks make noise.
I didn't lose my left nut and six of my buddies at Danang to see this country taken over by fascists! Power to the people comrades! Viva la revolution!
Antifa Brought Power Tools!!!
nothing ever happens
antifa huh....any proof antifa is even present or will they simply claim credit?
these dumb faggots don't even know the names for common power tools. thats an angle grinder.
circle sawThats a fucking grinder.
What is it with the federal warehouse? What is in there that they care so much about
This. Goddamn these faggots.
I am probably wrong but that looks exactly like my brothers Snap-On cut off wheel. You have to remember they are all living off their parents credit cards.
dilate
Why would you cut an entire hole, when you should be cutting what links the pieces. How is this not obvious? Almost seems like these people are retards.
or could be Milwaukee.
not using mommy's credit card to buy a harbor freight plasma cutter These faggots are completely useless.
Snap-On cut off wheelWould they even know what Snap-On tools are? They’ve probably never worked on a car in their lives, and you can’t exactly walk into your local Home Depot and pick up a new Snap-On cutoff wheel. I’m betting in Milwaukee.
*expecting a gay asian man to know power tools*
I think it’s safe to say that DeWalt is now *officially* /OurTool/.some guy made a dewalt AR once, not sure if fun or cringey
why the federal courthouse?any important documents in there that (((they))) want to destroy?
It’s a fence too, grinder ain’t going to do shit, unless he’s trying to go at it for hours, a pair of bolt cutters would make quick work of that fence. Don’t think that person ever touched a tool in their life if they think that is going to work. Unless of course they brought a tool that isn’t meant for the job in order to look like they were doing something while not actually cutting the fence.
FedsTheir egos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcmhTBEIAeohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fujBNTvc
some guy made a dewalt AR onceSounds like the perfect tool for killing communist scum
What the fuck is a "circle saw" jesus fuck
/pol is a board of peace, sir
Sorry bro but you're braindead too. Grinder with a cut off disc will eat through that expanded metal, way faster than bolt cutters.
You would need like,  blades to make a hole big enough in that fence for someone to get through.Wouldn't a torch be better?
Are they out doing this shit during the day light?
It's the Mark O. Hatfield federal courts building.It's chock full of law and the gollums hates it.
With a cutoff disc you could have a man-sized hole in that fence with one blade in less than  minutes.
Wouldn't a torch be better?Aren’t backpack cutting torches super expensive? Where would you even go about getting one of those?
Why are the cops not open firing?
The handle is on the snap on side and the handle end looks snap on. BUT I could be wrong.
Makita " is the industry standard in the steel trades you cuck
mfw Americans call a circle saw an ‘angle grinder’
Oh no not power toolsMaybe they'll actually learn some real life skills and get a job that doesnt involve showing their bussy on livestreams
circular sawMate thats a fucking angle grinder lmfao
A zip would cut a hole in that shitty expanded metal if used correctly. It's the battery on a cordless tgat you would be worried about
what is a plasma cutter
fuck cutting a 'x' section of fence out in like - slices. far more punk rock to cut a 'x' section in ( captchas)
NOOOOOOO why won't you defend us from TYRANNY while we vandalise and break into property!!! You're HYPOCRITS!!!
Lmfao. Dude, "angle grinder" is the name of the tool. You can attach different heads to it depending on what you want to do. A cut-off head is what you use to cut through metal. You don't use metal to cut through metal.
You realize you need power and a high cfm compressor for that. I have that same shitty chinese cut  in my shop. She's pretty decent
why aren't you protecting them A ppl?they did nothing wrong and they are your friends
and unless the guy is left handed, he's using it backwards which can cause dangerous binding or kick backs
A circular saw cuts through wood, not metal dumbass. They're two completely different things.
A single zip disc could cut every individual link on that fence
watch the cops come out and show them hand tool safetyhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IkVBa-Vk
they are a bunch of fags... if we wanted to break into a fence.. it would have been done on day  not day +
it's an aluminum oxide cut off wheel. it will cut through /-/ inch steel in like  seconds
A circular saw is a shitty tool for cutting chain link. They need an angle grinder.
A grinder like this, except with a v plug is a industry standard for cutting and grinding steel. Every welder gas two with him, one for grinding, one for buffing
circle saw
go back to your grammar circular jerk.
that clip
A people showed up at Charlottesville. Antifa called them Nazis.
Small bottle of acetylene and small bottle of oxy in a large backpack. Add guage hose and torch

Ya, that's so easy to source out
Bolt cutter will get you through faster.
circular saw cuts through wood, not metal dumbassahem
how tf do you have the right hugh laurie pic but not the pastaI'm impressed
clipfag.
oxyacetylene torches are kind of ass to work outside of heist movies and a workshop where you have a few minutes to get it right. especially with these limp wristed faggots, they would have no idea how to work it.
Yeah, but it wont make sparks for the camera
Plumber sized bottle of acetylene or map gas and a small medical o bottle aren't hard to get, not that these Fucking retard could set it up or balance a regulator to cut shit anyway
how to get inside, and inside of the building
could you fucking imagine some  year old antifa idiot trying to find reduction fittings and compatible torch heads for a custom oxyacetylene setup? they wouldn't even know how to use the wrench to tighten the fittings
It's not ass, you're just not good at it.I can cut mild over / like a plasma with oxy fuel torch.
As a man, there is so much wrong with what andy called the tool and also the fact that they chose to use that particular one.These faggots are so clueless.
it really is. i get a Q tank of oxy for  bucks. bough the tank second hand for . i dont use acetylene so im not sure of the price there but propane and oxy running through the right torch will do the trick
I would love to watch someone catch on fire from trying...
Yes would take like  minutes and have few meter hole innit. I ques these people are not exactly clever or used to work.
Show me where i can easily get an acetylene bottle smaller then a . Please.And a medical o bottle? What combinations of regulators and hiw long will it take for you to scab these fittings togther so they all flow into the same torche body?This isn't tge movies, picking up a $ cordless makita is alot easier
I like these videos, very modern
Ez as fuck to use and wield, wtf are you on about? It's whether they would use the cutting tip or just try use a standard tip.
Whenever i get someone to run propane/oxy they cant even get it going.Cutting torche is not that easy to set up in run given the situation
Stupid hapa nigger can't even identify an angle grinder from a circular saw. Oh well at least antifa have good taste in power tools, milwaukee gang rise up.
you can do this little setup from like harbor freight but i dunno if it's worth shit. this is about as easy as it gets but even then, for someone who has never used a tool before it's probably stressful
Antifa is literally the text book definition of terrorists. Keep playing with fire retards.
I could probably scab that together in my garage  minutes, And I'm not a plumber, but I would imagine linde or air liquid or something like that would have the tiny acetylene bottles
whose fucking side are you on here benedict anon?
fucking retard. you already have experience. did you just pick up and learn how to use acetylene or did someone teach you?
Mechanic hereMilwaukee's new FUEL stuff is my go-to for every power tool. They have RIDICULOUS power for a battery-powered device. My M FUEL impact wrench has  ft-lbs of removing torque. You can jump start a car with these things.The device in OP pic could easily chew through any shitty steel fence, and do it for  straight hours too. I cut through a brake rotor (two layers of /" hardened steel with fins between them) with mine just to see if I could, and it barely broke a sweat. They also cost $.
And you can put a chainsaw disc on a grinder or a dildo on a sawzall, doesn't mean it's the tool for the job.
Like a commie would have any idea how to use tools.
Fuckin speds, I'd have loved it if whatever cutter they used wasnt the right one or overheated and ended up like pic related in some niggers head
Milwaukee is a chinies brand. I care not!May god be with us all!
Retard, hacksaws have been used to cut metal for longer than you've been alive. A sawsawl would get that done but angle grinder with a cutting wheel isn't a bad option.
How to lose your fingers Saw a guy with something similar to that on a big dick double battery dewalt grinder once, holy fuck it looked super sketchy.
Same as thisWould still be heavy and annoying to drag over and do the same jerb that a angle grinder could do in a minute.Given then price, thickness of steel and time, i would pick the grinder every time
I've seen a lot of shilling on /pol/I have to admit, I've never seen a shill for Milwaukee power tools on the board.Hats off to you, sir.You get a peanut.
Aw shit, here we go. Antifa faggots don't want the blame now. You're terrorists now. Either embrace it or shut the fuck up and stay home.
https://www.bitchute.com/video/snPYDjKBEQ/
pretty sure it's satire
A "A /"A ."A v "A die grinderA v sawszall with  though  tooth ladesIn theory, is what a welder might carry.
I'd rather just set myself on fire and save $ than buy an OAW kit from harbor freight. I love the place for their cheap hand tools but there's some stuff you just don't take the chance on quality.
Antifa is funded by the CCP. China even sent them weapon caches.
No peanut for you
Not even just Milwaukee really although they are good shit, your average modern brushless drill will dislocate your wrist in one second no problem using a big auger drill bit if you aren't braced and holding that cunt properly.
Shit is super dicey. There was a video floating around /diy/ of a guy who stuck one on his makita and ended up with it embedded in his stomach.The things catch and buck like crazy and will just fly off a worn flange because of how heavy and off-balance they are.
Anon. its seatle. there is a .% chance theres a glass blower in that crowd. a cheap gtt or a decent hance torch would rip through that fence. Not saying its likely that it would happen, or that its a good idea. angle grinder is definitely the right choice, im just saying it would surprise me one bit some dumb ass hippy with his burner trying fight the man.
Agreed
so much noise and lighttoo easy to spotbetter to cut it slowly like a prison break unnoticed and burst through when the time is right
i made a miniature foundry furnace to melt bronze using propane torch heads from harbor freight and they leaked like a mother fucker and caught on fire all the time. still melted metal, though!
Milwaukee makes legit the best power tools, yes its chinkshit but so is every other power tool brand.
That's a good point. These fuckheads only care about making instagram pictures.
Milwaukee fuel grinders are like k RPM and no jam, dewalt v eat them. And no you won't get  hours of run time without a dozen $ amp packs
(you) funny fucker
I always thought robbing one of those snap on trucks would be more lucrative than an armoured car with bank money
Prove antifa exists.
Absolute rip off. Look closely at the oxygen bottle - it's only g. The reviews on home depot are % angry customers who say it lasted  minutes before being completely empty.
Easily, snap-on tools command absurd prices without the a red guards associated with money trucks.
You really think a limp-wristed white liberal commie knows how to use power tools?

Blow inside to fill it with air again
haha holy shit. didn't know that. ive used the map gas goes fucking quick and it's x
My M FUEL impact wrench has  ft-lbs of removing torqueI’ve got a Bosch Freak . myself. Honestly all these new brushless impacts have an absolutely stupid amount of torque. It’s really impressive shit.
humans breathe out .% oTabernac
Assuming you made off with the entire truck, you could dip all the tools in oily puddles to make them look used, sell them on FB marketplace for % of Snap-On's asking price, and still make several hundred thousand dollars.
Lmao is that a fucking angle grinder?
lol fucking amateurs...try something that works.
need place to plug inneed air compressorneed place to plug air compressor in when the tank empties because you brought a shitty little pancake one
Why anyone use that and not chainsaw?Seems very unpractical.
biggest theft in history is of an armoured car. Crafty nip ran up to a bank car dressed as a cop yelling "BOMB". long story short security hoped out the truck, he gave em the ol one two nip-a-roo, convinced em the truck was about to explode and hoped in and drove off.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/_million_yen_robberyNot saying that it would work on a snap-op truck.....but you wont know unless you try.
What about  of them?
You can also get a cold cutting blade for a circular saw. Mine has this one:
I’d believe it honestly. How much cash is in an armored truck at a time? It’s not as much as you’d think. Even for  cents on the dollar, a full truck of Snap On tools might actually be worth more.
Yeah, the sizes of bolts and nuts that I can get off with my M driver are absurd, some of the guys in the shop used to laugh at me and pre-emptively setup the air powered rattlegun, they are not laughing anymore.
Fucking retard, I could adjust it to a perfect cutting flame in like  seconds, the first day I learned how the thing worked.
Milwaukee probably makes the best battery tools, but Fein wipes the floor with them for mains powered tools for quality and reliability. Their grinders, pipe polishing machine and straight grinders are just mint.
Milwaukee range is too small. Makita literally have x more products, better batteries (Samsung cells) and better brushless motors. And even then Mafel FestoolMakitaDewaltMilwaukee. Milwaukee are Bosch/Hitachi tier.
Antifa are terrorists.Antifa apologists are terrorist sympathizers.
Thats the biggest theft in Japanese history, but it was only equivalent to $, dollars at the time.
Retard, hacksaws have been used to cut metalI know, I'm not speaking in general, I'm saying with an angle grinder. The cut off heads (i.e. Radnor) aren't made of metal.
Half a century later, the case remains unsolved.Absolutely honorary, based nip making off with nearly a million bucks scott free.
How'd he pull that off?
Who else would it be?
FestoolOhnononononono he brought into the hype, don't buy that trash.
no you didn't. you didn't just see two tanks in a room, decide to mix the gas and cut metal. that never happened.
sorry i did mean to put japanese history
I bent the fuck out of an electrical box for a transformer when the hole saw grabbed. I had the second handle on it and everything but it still got away from me. It was a milwaukee fuel m drill.We're at that point where the motors are as strong as they need to be, but we just need better batteries. It's the battery that will stall out if it's not completely full or totally mint condition.
Dude I worked construction and in a shop for  years.When we wanted to cut through thick metal we would torch it (oxygen + acetylene) or do plasma cutting. You use an angle grinder for smaller/thinner applications.
Wouldnt ramming a car be the most efficient way to break the fence ?
fucking % of soldiers photod lately have the hood patch
probably with an actual grinding, not cutting wheel too
ok faggots i just asked because i don't think antifa are competent enough to bring any proper tools or able to afford any
There is no hype. Granted they're overpriced, but the warranty is unmatched, other than Hiltis. I've got  lads on my books and £k worth of tools. Carpenter contractor for  years...think I probably know more than you about tools. Given you think Milwaukee are the best when the head is just the ex DeWalt head, when DeWalt were inferior to how they are now, says a lot.I lived in Christchurch for  years. NZ is poor as shit with shit tool selection. You're writing from inexperience.
I've seen a nigger ram a fence like that, ended up bending the shit out of the fence and his car got stuck hanging on it with the back wheels in the air. I lol'd.
this is the first time these stinking rats worked in their lives
Hilti are /our tools.....swiss made.
Wouldnt ramming a car be the most efficient way to break the fence ?Not most modern lightweight unibody cars.
Over priced garbage
How are you so fucking dumb that you believe the car you were just driving is about to explode, and the cop warning you about it will drive it to safety?
Maybe in frogland, but here in the good'ol US of A we can legally posses tannerite and thermite if these faggots had any balls.
lol circle saw, thats a fucking grinder.
Just leave traps for them. Land mine could do
Daddy’s power tools are free to steal for his little anarchist.
considering where it broke and how it looks all fucked up anyway, maybe he had it jammed the whole way in on a sheet of metal and bent it. idk, ive never had one explode and i dont fuck around with those things. theyre dangerous even using them properly. % attention required
clipkys you're are self
If you're not buying DeWalt, you're either poor or a faggot, regardless of Antifa status.
festoolAnon please don’t tell me you actually buy that green and gray overpriced bullshit
A RAM might do the trick
Ok. And you're not wrong. Abrasive cutting disks are better than metal options for the task. That said, I've used a tungsten carbide chop saw to accurately cut through Al stuff, like shower doors. Mows through it like butter.
still a highly BASED robbery. no-one hurt, no-one threatened (unless you count the letter sent to bank manager beforehand), no violence, no intimidation.
Probably for the better. Cut off wheels are much more prone to exploding because it's much easier to bend them and put them into odd positions they are no designed for.Actually I take that back. I would prefer them use a cut off wheel, set the guard wrong or take it off completely, and then be mutilated when the wheel explodes.
They're just fucking around, honestly. The pantifa faggots aren't serious. They could over-run the place easily with the + people there. They're just playing games. Running in, doing something stupid, getting gasses, run away again. Rinse and repeat all fucking night. They just chose the federal building because it was the most dramatic target (thanks, media)
No guard, " wheel on a " grinder, push the disk don't pull, what could go wrong
/ptg/ PRESIDENT TRUMP GENERAL - NO MASK NEEDED EDITION
new baker needed please
Make white babies! No Kpop Slags!
press C to make Biden catch the Coof
MAGA votes on ballot questions & Senate primariesAlways vote Republican!Aug. :MO A: NOKS: KobachAZ: McCarthy Aug. : TN: Hagerty Aug. : MN: LewisAug. : WY: Lummis Sep. : MA: AyyaduraiSep. : NH: MessnerSep. : DE: WitzkeNov. :AL: Jud.R.: No; New Const.: No; Citizenship req.: YES; Jud. Vac.: noAK: Electoral reform: no; Tax Incs.: NoAR: Optometry: Yes; TermLimits: Yes; Referenda: Yes; TP sales tax: NoCA: Crime sentencing: YES; Property tax refs.: No; Abolish bail: NO; Rent control: NO; App-based Drivers: No (Fuck SV); Dialysis: No; Stem Cell R.: NO; CCPA: No; Repeal : NO; Parolee&YO voting: NOCO: W Abortion Ban: YES; Citizen Req.: YES; Gray wolves: No; NPVIC: No; Bingo&Raffles: Yes; tax incs.: NoFL: YES, NO, NO, yes, Yes, YesGA: Rev. Ded.: Yes; Dec. Rel.: No; CollinsID: NE/yesIL: NOIA: NOKY: Marsy's law: YES; Offices: NE/noLA: No Right to Abortion: YES; Disaster Budget Stabilization: Yes; Payment in lieu of taxes: YES; Oil/gas in property value: Yes; Change spending limit: NO; Homestead Exemption: YES; UCP Trust Fund: Yes; Sports betting: No; MurphyMA: NOMD: All NoMI: Park Funds: Yes; Data warrants: NoMS: I/AA: NO/A; flag: NO; EV: NoMO: A: NE/no; A: YESMT: LR-: YES; C-/: NE/noNE: End Slavery: NO; TIF: YESNV: ALL NONJ: Weed: NO; Vet. Ded.: YESNM: NO, YES, NO, NO, NONY: NOND: YesOK : YesOR: ALL NO; also: http://stoptheabuse-recallkatebrown.org/RI: NOSD: NO UT: Mun. Water: Yes; Legis. Qual.: No; End Slavery as Punishment: NO; Gender-Neutral Lang.: NO; Legis. start date: No; Right to hunt: YES; Kid welfare: NOVA: Redr. Com.: Yes; Vet. Tax Ex.: YESWA: : NO; FMLIALTCSSTA: YesPR Statehood: NO/boycottAnd remember: Contraception = treason.
UFO UAP Flying Saucer Linticular Craft SSP Solar Warden Earth Defense Force Space Force USN USAF USMC ICC
Sorry I wasted your time with this last thread. Dude is crazy. Christians are a minoritythat means you have to fight for your rights  in court where it's already lost twice. Wew lad. Monkey mainframe is short circuiting.
What a mess
THEY TRIED TO WARN US
The New UFO conspiracy theory
AWOO
You're missing the point of what the difference between a publisher and a platform are, as well as conflating businesses with forums.A publisher posts their own opinion and is therefore subject to extra scrutiny while a platform allows users to speak and it is accepted that what is said is not the opinion of the hosts.Twitter et. al have repeatedly violated this distinction by pretending to be a platform while curating content in the manner of a publisher.As to your other musings: Legally speaking businesses are considered private establishments and can kick people out for any or no reason and can dictate policies such as 'no recording' while in complete accordance with the first, second, and fourth amendments and may be a necessary means of ensuring them.
i will bake it
AWOO
fuck off project bluebeam
You're right, what a terrible shit grainy picture. Here's the clean version of it.
based Bantam Books
This privilege is a real thingLmaoHe's right though.
Night, frens :)
Night
are you a shill?
I drew a patriot Asuka, but I won't post it bc u guys will make fun of me again :(
dude this platform vs publisher bullshit is just modern terminology it doesnt mean anythingyou cant give corporations certain rights depending on what they pick to bethey either allow free speech or they should be shut down for breaking the first amendmentbanning people for no reason other than you dont like their politics should be illegal.Legally speaking businesses are considered private establishments and can kick people out for any or no reason and can dictate policies such as 'no recording' while in complete accordance with the first, second, and fourth amendments and may be a necessary means of ensuring them.legally speaking doesnt matter because its a wrong interpretation if you were right and were supposed to grant private property owners full control of speech then why cant private property owners create their own laws and stop paying taxesafter all theyre on their property who can tell them theyre wrongcan they also murder and kill on their propertywhy do you apply free speech to the sidewalks on public property but not private property
Is he? The only way this works is if everyone has the money to fight the charges.In a blue state, I have no chance of beating any charges for lockdown compliance. Especially when SCOTUS has said twice, hey, get fucked.So I get class privilege?
NIGHTLY PORTLAND RIOT LIVESTREAMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idtxSdUfk



But he is right though.
notice the I G E R letters on the walllook left hoping to see our old friend "N"
After the last + years of the Trump presidency I now hate Republicans just as much as I hate Democrats. I went from disagreeing with the US government and the political parties to just simply hating them. I can not long honestly support any part of the US government because I just simply hate it too much to want to see either side succeed
oh no no no no no
why do you need guns? just call the police
Speculative briefings as a mental exercise. Imagine being a tinfoilnigger.
i think its funny that i have this sticker on my file cabinet next to me but i am also against defunding the police
why do you need police? just buy a gun
Goodnight asukaleaf.I think Im gonna call it a night as well.See you bros tomorrow.
how does she hide that man jaw?
we're going to send the police in to seize your guns
but why are all the other planets such shit.
why do you need police and guns, just expel non-whites
America is a constitutional republic, without the "rule of law" we are nothing.The social media fags are violating the rule of law and the constitution, and bragging about it while they do it.What they are doing is TREASON to the Republic!(((they))) all need to hang for TREASON!!!!!Public executions!
Don't worry fren, post it. . That's just a temporary order. . It's illegal to burn buildings but the blue state governments don't care. . Kavanaugh is completely right.
ywn find a woman with this body outside of anime
Is this big?
nn fgt
Smooth brain hominid.
Same. I want every politician in this country in Gitmo and Trump to become absolute monarch of America. Democracy is a failed experiment.
I thinks it's funny I don't have any stickers on my file cabinet. But I'm also for defunding the police
Yes.
it's nice but it's way off from what's truly important right now
nn fgt ngr
if everyone has the money to fight the charges.The problem is the sensibilities of Christians. Why do all the Antifa militants get "released" and why do all their charges get "dropped?" Because the ACLU rolls into town and threatens to sue everyone, forever. The cities and states can't survive the lawfare (and most are on their side to begin with) so they just dump the domestic terrorists back on the streets.Christians don't do that, they don't band together with a 'us versus them' mentality. By their very nature they would reject the idea of having a legal defense team dedicated to lawfare against anyone that dares accuse a Christian of anything. And so they make for easy victims, punish them and they basically ask for more.
Interesting point there. However, still voting for Biden
we were never supposed to be a democracy
u guys will make fun of meMake fun of a canadian?
jej lmfao
Article IVSection "The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened) against domestic Violence."OH NO NO NO NO
punish them and they basically ask for more.like their god
I buy my IT shirts for cheap in building supplies stores. This makes the working class love me as they wear the same shirts at work. I'm one of them and yet work with the top shirts in the company. Why aren't you using clothes to influence different factions? When they come to kill the elites I won't look the part. I am the voice of the working class.
the working class love meno they still know OP is a giant faggot
Lmao its easy to spot a pale twink wannabe a man like you
Working class don't wear those hipster faggot clothes faggot. If you want to get in good with the working class do some actual hard labor. Your feminine moisturised hands reveal your faggot class status. You probably talk like a faggot too.
They wear blue ones. I wear red and blue depending on the circumstance.
You didn't invent anyhting. lenin would put a workers hat everytime he went out to agitate workers. But this kike never worked in a factory.
Oh, I am glad that I am not only one who got this idea! I was worried that I might be a little paranoid and weird but now I see there are other just like me.Me and my 'colleagues' are also exploiting the working class but we all, without talking about it, have started wearing cheapo working class clothes, so *if* the day of the rope would come, we can have chance to get away.However keep in mind that clothes will work as camouflage only from distance of + meters, wageslaves will eb able to tell us apart from working class by our soft hands and healthy faces that have no signs of a working man
But it actually works and hipster /pol/ needs a reminder. Also, clothes frim home depo/Castorama/Leroy Merlin/Bricoman are cheap as fuck.Life hack!
I have the IT guy privilege.I'm expected by the top to wear shit 's flannel shirts.
Also, after I'm done coding I work in the garden. My hands are fine and large.
My hands are fine and large.picyou are a literal faggot
I don't want to post my fingerprints on /pol/.
Wagies will pay more attention to the car you're driving.
Why would I own a car in a city?
clever guy.They all bamboozled the working class. Marx and his sidekick (I forgot the name, Angels?) Mao, all of them.They were talking about working class lives but they have never worked for a single day

Scott and yorke
What keeps you going /pol/? Its so easy to get demoralized in these times.
knowing that hell is a real place and if I get pozzed by society I am going there
Taking care of myself
Literally nothing is going wrong in my life rn.
I got married in October  and I am now living comfortably in the USA and I have aspirations to found my own right wing vidyagame studio.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimates that there are approximately  million new STD infections each year—almost half of them among young people ages  to .Blonde-haired blue-eyed Nordic here who was always very fearful of STDs. Never had sex and have no STDs. Feels good man.
I am training a rooster for cockfights. So far so good.
knowing I'm not dealing with thishttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jCdtMIDTmL
knowing that the money I'm saving up working right now is for something and that I have a plan. do I need to iron some thing out still? absolutely. but I'm not in a dead-end job and that's all that matters for now.
the declining white population
Hey, I make my own North Indian Korma sauce from Onions and plain yogurt (among other things), but it always tastes a bit on the 'smoky' side. What am I doing wrong? How do I achieve that creaminess that I associate with restaurant Korma?
That's honestly really cool, anon. Hope you won't turn into a God forsaken indie developer.
I don’t wanna live but I don’t wanna die neither so I just fuck around
Cheers bro, I am doing it because I believe controlling media is one of the cornerstones of any revolution. I learned this from looking at how the Soviets made movies to put fire in the bellies of their peons. They romanticised communism and made it look appealing. Of course communism had already taken hold, but the soviets had a very good understanding of propaganda. I already know how to make D models and music, and so far I've been teaching myself to program for about  months. It's fucking hard though, kek. Slowly but surely though, I will get there.I'd love to make a 'Auschwitz tycoon' sort of game where you make your own death camp and try to dispose of bodies. The catch being that you never could.
I want all Nazis to get richCome over to /biz/
All crypto coins are scams, thats why you have to shill for them constantly.
Interestingly enough, you’d have to fucking pay me to get me to visit any of the other trash heaps in this shit heap.
Thank you /biz/ bro. .
Buy high, sell low.
i guess im imagining the massive amount of real life items im surrounded by becasue of crypto you boneheaded chink
How can you make a small fortune with crypto?Start with a large fortune.
i was poor
Yeah all the money is from people who got scammed
thats why its still at K....you're a moronliterally anyone can sell for k right now
/biz/ is where NEET retards with trust fund money go to get scammed
naughty eggsI'd come over but I need more of dem trumpbux so you can set my white nigger ass right to get rich as fuck as the world burns. Try'n to be Chaz lubarich when this shits all over ya feel?
Keep shilling faggot, I know your in deep. If you were satisfied with your investment than you wouldnt be shilling online.
/biz/ is literally one of the worst boards on this entire siteused to be naive dudes discussing their latest get rich quick schemes, self-improvement plans, business ideas, risky investments, etcbeen nothing but crypto shitposting since like 
OP is literally  years old and sold  btc and thinks k makes him rich lmao
This photo looks like porn.
I went to biz expecting intelligent discussions on business and finance topics. Its just a bunch of losers desperately trying to pump their shitty crypto coins to even bigger retards.
OP buys $ worth of Dogecoin goes around telling everybody he invests in cryptos but never mentions how much or what crypto
I thought this was  butts on top of each other from the thumbnail
i actually had the tab closed but i saw you back on the main pagestay poor ching chongyea thats not a stale meme and you're not a depressed crab bucket loser at allnope... you're not even the slightest bit transparent
I want all Nazis to get richCome over to /biz/
this is literally my roommate
Like anyone believes that lol, everyone knows once your in the only thing to do is to shill to get it pumped.
They might be, but the anons that shilled chainlink were still right about it being a good investment
Based
Wich App I should download to start ? I have a lot of saving but have no clue where to start
Cope. You had  years.
Come over to /biz/Don't, you will only loose money. I will give you the redpill on Bitcoin:You know that anonguy Satoshi Nakamoto? The guy who created Bitcoin? Well he is not anonymous anymore, his name is Craig Steven Wright and he is an autistic mastermind, but with and abbrasive personality that put fragile soibois off. That combined with the fact that he came back to clean up all the scamming in the cryptoworld has made him alot of enemies who is now attacking him calling him a "liar and a fraud". And the masses of fragile soibois do their bidding in repeating all these attacks.Well, it doesn't matter cause he is satoshi. Bitcoin was subverted by commies and scammers in the early days and BTC, the coin most people think is Bitcoin, is not Bitcoin anymore. It is a handicapped version of the bitcoin Craig created. It is only capable of doing  transactions a second and there is a reason for that. I pushes the need for a second system to transact money. They call it the Lightning Network and its sole purpose is to squeeze money from the users because BTC is practically useless now.The original bitcoin however lives on under the ticker BSV and if you want to be rich, this is the one you buy. It costs about $ a pop today, but it WILL go as high as the fake bitcoin BTC did which was $k.Pic related is our god and our saviour Craig Steven Wright and if you do not like it, STIFF!
Unfortunately this is how it works. You can't take financial advice from random people on the internet. No one can truly predict what's going to happen with any investment, so they have to manufacture imbalances like this one to get any kind of edge.
Whatever you say friendo.
Like this guy who wants to pump his BSV shit with blatantly false info. Fuck off. Stay out of crypto friends, PERIOD.
TFW I farmed a couple bitcoins back in but I did it on mtgox and lost my wallet due to their scam magic trickStill triggers me to this day.
Like this guy who wants to pump his BSV shit with blatantly false infoAnd the attacks begin less than  minutes after my post. IncredibleStay out of crypto friends, PERIODnot gonna lie, this is not a bad advice
eh? its all crypto crapill just masturbate here and save my brains for something worthwhile like the gd threads
LINK is the next BTC. Pic related is somewhat outdated, but it explains why. The fourth industrial revolution will be optimized by LINK and RLC.
/biz/ was literally created because people didnt want crypto threads on /pol/ and /g/
No
hadbut let's shill it anyway
LolGay
come to biz to get ripped off
No, thanks. Last time I did that was  years ago. Spent over k and still have shitcoin bags.
OHHHHHHHHHH NOOOOOOOLIIIIIIIINKKKKKKEEEEEEEEEERRRRRRRSSSSSSSSS
Not an argument
If I wanted to get rich why the fuck would I ever go to /biz/?
t. Paid Linkshill.
Retarded polfags never gonna make it.Kill yourself you poor faggots and keep working for the Jew and keep buying those hyper inflated stocks.This Board is full of cucks.
How low is the dollar going to get vs the Euro? I'm thinking of buying when  euro = . dollars
You had  years to get it for less than a couple dollars. It's still worth buying into now, you just won't get as many. Knowing what you know now, would you pass up BTC when it was priced below $?
I buy property, nigger.Enjoy your Kikecoin losses, I have actual properties, stonks, and a biz with an offer on it right now. Stay mad, Cryptonigger.
seething no-linker
Ok boomer
Why would I want it?I have tangible assets. Got  lbs of silver and a pound of gold in there a well. You know, things that don’t gain at shit paces in perpetuity, aren’t very volatile, and hold value.
Will there be a point in future when it's a good time to buy some Crypto?I had a couple of Bitcoins back in  and I lost the password to my wallet in , and the last time I checked they were worth about $, lmao.

yes I'm gonna shill it anyway even though, by my own admission theres no reason to now since it's passed , you had an opportunity, yes I know you don't give a shit and already read me saying that but that's precisely why my posthumous shilling is justifiedI hope all you niggers get cancer if only so I don't have to see your nonstop shilling of new currencies all over the internet.
wtf im totally going to buy into your ponzi scheme nowwhat happens if the lights go out anon?what will i spend my digital currency on then?
Lolololol thats like saying pol is filled with pinkoid coping manlets who wouldnt do shit in real life because they post here to vent about minorities despite them not fixing their own shortcomings
so salty, he replied twiceI’m gonna KEK when your niggercoin is valueless in due timeonly muh crypto will hold valueThe words of the  year old “investor” who has  roommates.
I hope someone screenshots this
I already own property.More than you I bet.Stockmarket retard, that's what you are. You don't understand shit.
STOP BRINGING FAGGOTS FROM OTHER BOARDS SPECIALLY THIS INCEL SHIT HOLE YOU FUCKING NIGER.STOP SHITTING MY BOARD
I’m sure you do, Hans, I’m sure you do.
I thought the whole thing with Gold is that it had a steady but reliable and slow increase in value? As far as I can tell, the last significant spike in it's value was in .Not going against you or anything, I'm just wondering about the pace of gold because I've seen tons of people saying it's slow but predictable.

oh we understand that if idiots don't keep buying into your ponzi scheme then you don't get profits
Ok
I am already rich. I care not for that which you value most for it is not god.May god be with us all!
I did the opposite. I finally got rich after fucking around with /biz/ scams for  years then came to /pol/ this year and accidentally became a racist.
you could've asked for a billion dead chinks, instead you asked for someone to push two buttons on a computer.
So what do you suggest to buy today? Inb link, it's too late now.
Gold reacts with fiat, the more they make Jerome's machine go brrrrr, the more gold is valued, the price of gold is steady as in it doesn't loses its value ever is a deflationary asset
Hedging, anon, hedging. I diversify into many arenas because unlike cryptograms who can lose everything tomorrow, having stake in multiple areas is how I ensure regardless of future scenarios, I will have enough to thrive on.Not all things need to jump wildly. Bought my metals after the crash some years back, many lbs of silver from dipshits who bought on the high and unloaded to me for $/oz in bulk.. Only edgy teens dismiss everything but what’s “cool” like Sl,e faggots in this thread.
My dream is to make $, at some point and then to aim for $,.
God is in your clique? Shit, son!

LooseStopped reading at this point.Learn to spell.
Makes perfect sense desu mate. Also taking advantage of nigger's shortsightedness. Very ancap. I love it.Thanks for the advice bro. I'm still yet to take the /biz/pill but I am high IQ and I have aspirations, and I think this kind of info is very useful as well as inspirational. I fucking refuse to be a wagie forever. I know I can do better than that.Do you think there's any good times to buy gold coming up? Also, if you don't mind me asking, where and how do you personally acquire your gold?
To be fair mate he's Norwegian. Go easy on him lad.
he hasn't bought bananacoinembarrassing
Thanks guys. I just posted a bunch of nazi UFO stuff before the get. There must be a correlation
Easily possible with intelligent investing and a little time, anon.I bought a multi-unit apartment complex for half value when the Jew owner died earlier this year, made $k immediate equity, am fixing it up and will add another $k In value/equity, and am in talks to build  more units on the  acres next year. I can make more money now than I ever thought possible because I didn’t make retarded choices in the past
Fuck, well done lad. That's amazing. How did you even find out about such an opportunity?I am very very good at long-term goals. I just last year achieved an  year goal of mine, which is why I'm now setting my sights on financial goals. I know for a fact I have the patience and mental acuity for it, I just don't really know where to begin. My dream now is to own my own business so I can make my own rules.
Oh I'm sorry mister bitch face cock sucker. How about this, is the right use of the words loose and lose?You have an extremely loose asshole due to uncontrollable faggotryYou will lose your mother in your sleep tonight if you don't reply to this post
salty nocoiner
No problem.Acquired most gold during the dip at around $-$/oz, unhappy I didn’t get in years earlier but felt it was the right time. Same with silver, but silver is cheap and anyone can buy a bit at a time to stock up slowly.Wouldn’t buy gold now unless in a very small amount because it could be a whole before the next jump and pricing isn’t amazing to warrant stocking up, silver is still ok in smaller amounts as well. But wouldn’t advise going out to buy multiple  oz bars if you catch my drift;
niggers and how much i hate them, a new book coming out this december
muh boomer rocksmuh shiny metal
Why are single women in their 30s so cringey?
I want to marry one
Are you trying to use irony to be funny?protip: keep trying
For the same reason single men in their thirties are cringy.
but on the other hand they come across as super fake emotionally fragile basket cases who could spin into a manic bipolar episode at any momentthat is who they really arecan't hide by being pretty and young anymore
I'm a desperate  year old male that hasn't been on a date for over  years. And this is supposed to be male prime age
It's just capitalism separating the goyim from the strong.
they look like a "/ in bongland" type
SimpleThey are forced to stop believing their own bullshit
Nah, that's the thing; a decade ago when I was in my early s I was the super cringey beta nice guy who couldn't get laid. But through my s I got a lot of tough lessons the hard way with zero favours attached. And as a result I matured immensely. And now in my s I am very socially switched on and can get laid very easily. Too bad the same can't be said about women my age. It's like over the last decade the tables turned a complete . Now everything that was so repulsive and offensive in my character has been fixed, but everything so switched on and sharp in young females has degraded to the point of utter embarrassing retardation.
Just date girls  years younger than you
They're used up hussies.
In my early s I am really starting to notice single women my age are developing these hideously repulsive personality traits. It’s like they have suddenly all become super socially retarded.All of these 's women tell me I need help because I don't agree with their politics and views. They're all fucking cringy leftist and annoying. Almost all of them have shit jobs and don't make shit. Almost half of them are single mothers.

Nah, not at all. It's more like doubling down on it. You should see some of these femcels. They honestly believe they are a catch, that they are super socially savy and mature and that everyone likes them. But in reality it is the opposite. It's hard to watch.
Sure, but these annoying femcels are still lingering around. You will meet them. Prepare to cringe.
I got an impression, that they don't give a shit about politics, they aren't actually left-wing, they don't say what they really think, they're just trying to avoid possible problems and stay politically correct and in line with the main stream media which is left biassed in the west.
It’s a two way street anon, there is also a lack of emotionally intelligent young men who have their shit together. Porn addiction is also a massive problem that turns mostly men into impulsive, low t, Coomers with ED. The best way out of this is if everyone stops blaming each other and focuses on themselves, try addressing your own flaws and shortcomings before attempting a relationship
I am , and will hit  next month.I hate everyone around my age. I just want a trad zoomer wife, but then I will feel bad for her, since she never got to experience the 's. But then again, every girl I asked out on a date rejected my advances, so I am hopeless in that regard. At the very least, they have some semblance of a good taste if they don't want to be with me.
age is the wrong metric for men nigga. do you lift? do you have a good job? do you have non-stoner non-burnout friends? you can literally get your shit together over a decade and marry a  year old when you're . nothing biological is in the way. women meanwhile get all their value from the formula YOUTH X FITNESS and one of those will forever be degrading after like .
Thanks Dr. Phil, but I already addressed that here You can talk about men and all their problems all you want. But that's not what I posted here in this thread. Even then, the fact is that men get wiser from all the BS (((society))) throws their way. Women seem to just get dumber and more cringey. And when you add age into the equation, the results are really not good, nor sexy in any sense of the word.
men get wiserSome do, most dont I know plenty of men who never matured past adolescence, and they all blame the femazis for their lack of sex appeal
there's tons written about how postmodern feminism has failed women and in turn men and all of society.
Based kangaroo
Any woman over  and single needs to be euthanized.
If you're not married a year out of school you're a faulty human
They are sad and lonely, and spend every night depressed and ignoring what they want. To be married and start a family. Their delusional standards they’ve adopted are a direct result of feminazi indoctrination. They just want a man to speak to them bluntly and dick them down. Once they’ve got that they’ll return to normal.
At around  women who havn't got married or had children start to feel like they failed society.No matter how many of these women gather together, they still cannot shake this feeling.Every day I have to deal with the same thing.drunkfinancially irresponsible no longer able to lure men with sexout of touch with society
Women should be thinking about marrying by the time they hit pubertypeople did that for thousands of years and kiked humanism ruined that for everyone despite girls hitting puberty earlier than ever
Marriage is a meme. Why would I want to be locked in with a woman that will turn ugly in a decade or two?
Pre  women had looks. After  women have nothing.
Uhh, guys... i reallt wanna fuck the slag on the right...
Women are fucked in the head now
That pic of my two sisters foraging makes me so proud.
 years ago me and my dad were at home depo and the woman in front of us bought a giant extravagant dog house and proclaimed "nothing is too good for my snoockums"And after she left my dad turned to me and said "son, as you get older you will find women get 'funny' if they never have a kid"I was  at the time but damn he was right
Ayo, yo pops was wise as shit, son
They’re becoming witches. Just like men become wizards if they’re virgins at , women turn into witches if not married by . Soon they’ll start riding on broomsticks and boiling things in cauldrons.
A decade of hard drinking and awful choices awaits slags like this. It uses them up. If a woman hasn’t settled down by her late twenties she is cooked and will end up as nigger meat or as a cat woman. I am  and have seen so many ladies turn from hot young chicks, into garbage tier basket cases, then into disgusting trolls in their s. Alcohol wrecks women.
Those fry-hogs are rooting them right off the pavement. And that's pajeet tier.
I dunno why they are so cringy and nasty ass. I also dunno why they still think everyone wants some used up old hag. Maybe they should go to their local ghetto, niggers have no standards and with screw anything.
Because you are a man who can run a family like a ship, breed children and send forth a legacy into the future.
This.
Goddamn, they look so successful they make me feel shame
Hang in there anon..
Because all the good women are already married before they hit  so only the shitty ones are left over.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?All the women of any value were filtered out while they were in their s. When women hit their s the single ones are all mental cases, divorcees, single mothers and the lowest quality women.
a trad zoomer wifePut down the crack pipe man, I'm a zoomer, all the girls in my gen are MASSIVE whores. You wouldn't believe the shit that's normal to them or what they consider "trad".

So you were a white-knighting, beta-orbiter, incel in your ’s, and now you’re a Chad. Ok. But Stacy used to feel that way about you when you were . Where is Stacy now? With Chad, whom she met  years ago.
Same man; bet she's an absolute demon in the sack
This chad / stacy shit is so outdated. Modern society is nothing but pure chaos and complete lack of order. Women have no idea how to select mates. There's literal ugly retarded niggers that get / girls.
If you're in your thirties, why the hell are you even looking at women in their thirties? Late teens and early twenties is where you want to be looking at.
I remember when I was in bongland some dude dressed as a woman dropped his pizza slice nearby my shoes, then he picked it up and had a bite, that was surreal.
this
I had a smooth talkin negro tell me its a numbers game . Say Hi to every bitch you see .They already know what you want when you talk to them .Niggero said he gets laid by different chicks x a week . He was giving me advice , not bragging .Now Im giving you , niggero's niggerific "how to get some" advice .
Shiva and ShaktiShiva is the Masculine, the fullest consciousness, the ordering of things.Shakti is the Feminine, raw power itself, Ever chaoticShiva has to give order to the Shakti so she may reach her full power, likewise the Shakti must give Shiva the power to use his consciousness.Men have always been the ones to seek and provide order and thoughtful structuring of things and women have always gotten wet for it and granted us that sweet eternity gash to bestow humanity with more humans(power) so we may order them and give fullest manifestation to our divine ordering.Pyramids mah nigga, men always have to lead women and when we don't order anything shit gets bad.This age is spiritually bereft and structurally bereft thereby we all suffer and women have no clear calling.
Niggers are also inundated with STDs
Question is, were they like that before , or does something happen...Women weren't made to spend a decade or more in a competitive work environment with intermittent casual sex/serial monogamy. Whorish party culture is one part of it but it's something else too. They're acting out the script but not getting the ending they expect.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?They have lots of standards for everyone else to meet , but no standards for themselves to meet because they are always right , even when they are aware that they are fucked up .
Emotional intelligence sounds like such a kike feminist shit test.Men dont need to be "emotional" around women. They need to have a stoic self-respect then the bitch will follow but feminism has put up such hurdles for the prize of a used-up whore that a lot of guys are giving up and turning to porn.
They've always been cringy bro. They just got old and unfuckable so you notice it now
This is true , but Anon said he wanted to get with a girl , not avoid nigger AIDS .
men would line up to get a piece of those womenI want off this planet.
You could also go to Church and meet a nice girl , Anon , and get some religion as a bonus .
What kind of bong doesn't have pride for ye olde slag?
One thing I've found out over the years is that people put up a front to the world. Women, despite the meme about being able to get companionship wherever they want, are often very lonely people. A lot of women in their s have just 'given up' (not really) on dating, men, and hoping to get a husband. Their tools for luring men have become dull. Don't hold this against them. It's your job to be the decider, to quote a great American Philosopher.
Every day man.Can't find a young man with financial security because of the western study culture, sleep around.Seeking wealth and independence, but unable to match the biological appeal of younger girls- seeks older partner with money.Financially secure but without social connections or a stable home, demanding career but no support, at risk of drug abuse.Unchaste with a history of previous partners, likely to rush into a relationship, struggling to contribute socially.Likely to have a child "before it's too late"Work dominated life, in a nominal relationship, unhappy, trying to put down younger colleagues, struggling with domestic finances, infidelity likely, divorce probable.Dug in at whatever level of work achieved, closed group of friends in a similar position, forced to lower moral standards to have sex.Despite high earnings high cost lifestyle reduced savings, reliant on poorly raised children who can't provide much support If there was more full time work and young men were financially stable again, if the economy punished rent-seekers who own all the housing, if education was market driven to stop the rat race to study and local economies were protected from cheap imports we really could fix this.I see the problem as being primarily economic, not political
"Im british" oozes out of those  whores
I'm not British, I'm Northern Irish and our slang is unintelligible.
that's why i married a  year old
It's just like fishing. Can't catch fish if you aren't casting anything to begin with. And if the fish gets away off the hook then cast again until you get the next fish.
My mother had a saying: "if you haven't grown up by age forty, you don't have to". So glad she didn't raise me.
Pretty much. I've seen a few virgin 's marry in their s, it's rare but does happen. But if you're an older bloke and single, get your life together, lift and stop being a creepy beta. Then date younger women. Girls say they're creeped out by older dudes no matter what but they're just saying that. Currently in my s and get looks from HS age girls all the time. It's that authority complex thing. They want a man who's getting after it and who isn't affected by our corrupted and godless culture. A dude who has a bit of backbone! That's why they love 'bad boys', but being a dickhead isn't how you raise a family - this requires a more well-rounded masculinity based on purpose, not selfish desires.
Great Britain flagnot BritishLolParliament would say otherwise
They have reached the stage in their life where they realise their only purpose is to shit out kids.
Is this photoshopped? It looks like someone took the face of a black toddler and placed it on the body of a dyel white  year old.
...and need to rope some retard into it, for the divorce & alimony-jew pay off down the line..
 second rule
different chicks x a week .How the fuck can someone fuck three different whores per week while having a job or any meaningful life at all? Does he spend his entire day on tinderino or something?
Don't come here mate that's pretty much all we have but they turn that way at like  it's a fucking hell and if it wasn't for the cheap aldi drink I'd have disappeared
pic related
Northern Irish people barely constitute as human let alone British
Doesn`t matter.All women are equally trash.
You're right they're the female counterpart to MGTOW losers. Egoism and materialism are false gods.
This is all my friends who aren't married rn.
people age and become less strong/attractive.I'm older than you and don't believe what you read on /pol/ shit is gonna get worse
I know, living here is like living in Eastern Europe.
This is the only right answers. You are supposed to have marry by your early s, then with a job and children.
Except eastern europe has some attractive girls we're like eastern europe if all of it was the Chernobyl exclusion zone
This
This is / in bongland.
you're most certainly retarded. emotional intelligence is a key trait of a good leader
It even has the mutants too, just look at this northern Irish woman
Goddamn, is it really that bad? At least you don't have niggers, right? I mean, you guys are potato niggers, but i mean the black ones
It's the whitest area in the planet. Over % white. Seeing a black person is very very rare here but if you go over the border there's a fuck ton of them now.That said though, there's absolutely no opportunity here, everyone smart fucks off to Australia or America.
You bought INCEL cope lmao
I saw one once, scared the shit out of me I actually did a double take

I know. And no, I am not remotely interested in any of these weird spinster femcels. I just notice them the same one one would notice a burning trainwreck. And there seem to be a lot. It's just amusing to me.  years ago absolutely nothing I ever did or said was good enough for these arrogant cunts. I could do  push ups,  pull ups, could speak  languages, had read a few university text books cover to cover in my spare time, and still I wasn't good enough.Eventually I had a mental breakdown, dropped out of uni, got a job at a warehouse, stopped caring about shit, got a feel for blue collar life, starting becoming more casual, humble, and at ease, grew a beard, and now all I do is work, fish, and drink beer like a bloke. And pussy has never been this simple or easy.Fuck self-improvement. It really is masturbation. No one cares about your hobbies. It's all about attitude and social competence. Even a fat ass can attain it with enough practice. Go to clubs and collect  rejections from  direct approaches. I promise you will get MUCH better with women. Your bench press be damned.But it is funny to see these same bitches ten years on. It ain't pretty, and I don't just mean their looks.
Those women can still fuck. They're just too annoying for some to marry.A true femcel hit the wall so hard she's not recognizable anymore.I know a former trophy wife who tries to get up on my dick all day, but her went away when she hit the wall and I am not about it at all.
Because women do not grow with age. They shape to the male their in a relationship with after . E.g taking on his hobbies, personality traits, views & children. After - (roughly) most women have fully grown intellectually or well their framework has settled. Their base intelligence/abilities/personality traits have settled by the end of s and all that is left is to complete their biological programming. Sadly, if they reject this they go into their s without much of a goal, vision or view. Usually just a worse version of themselves in their s (lost looks etc). While conversely, men will almost always grow in some sort of value (less autistic, more money, social skills and experience). It's very common to speak to a man in his s/s/s even further who has picked up a new hobby, mission or career path. For women this is far rarer. She just doesn't know wtf to do outside of netflix and her hobbies forged in her s only now she has lost her "pretty privilege" which allowed her to perform pretty damn poorly as a human and still get along fine.
because women who hit  and are still single & not highly progressed in their professions are the bottom of the barrel they couldn't manage to bag even the most desperate of guys. The majority of guys in their s who are still single would fall under bachelor category where as women would probably fall into horse girl category. Bottom line men age like a fine wine women age like a cum rag
women expire at .Other than that, women are basically children eternally and the only thing that makes them grow up is having kids (and even that's hit or miss) so nearly every woman you ever meet without kids by  will have secret substance abuse issues and/or psych meds to deal with their mental instability.
On ya mate. The blue collar working environment is also male-dominated, as a result you become more in touch with your masculinity. What it means, requires and looks like to be a man - is % clearer when you hang out with actual men for hours everyday. I've never felt more at home and comfy than at a construction site. The vibe is much better than Uni, not sure why..
Are you a faggot?You talk like u have test levels of a cunt
Maybe you attract the shitty s femcels instead of the based divorcees
but this adds to their undesirability.I would consider dating a responsible woman in her s, if she were a Frauenschaft type (which makes her more trustworthy) but surely not an unstable trashcan for bad choices
What the fuck kind of degenerate place do you live at where women suddenly become ugly at age ? I've been dating the same girl since I was , we're both mid s now, and she is hotter now imo, and definitely at least as hot.
In order for a woman to develop properly, she needs male authority. This means spanking, other forms of physical discipline, and being made to accept her feminine nature, which is a nature of submission. The female is a creature of chaos, and the male a creature of order. The male must order the female's life or else she spirals out, directionless and purposeless.
They are sad and lonely, and spend every night depressed and ignoring what they want. To be married and start a family.And from our point of view the older we get the more we see how braindead stupid as fuck it is to get married and start a family. You're basically signing an agreement to be indebted for life to some bitch who will flip her personality on a whim and leave you a broke old beggar. Every kid you have is an extra $,-, you have to earn over your life to compensate and be enjoying an equal quality of life. No wife and no kids and you can retire without working yourself to death until . I see women my age and I think what the fuck do they have to offer me? I have to work my ass of and be superman to impress them and then I get the privilege of being their government mandated slave. Fuck that shit.
I am , and will hit  next month. she never got to experience the 'sNigger you didn't either
no longer able to lure men with sexthey're always able to do this, no matter how old
I'm just glad we can all agree phones are not to blame. Keep using those phones people! G is coming! Don't want to miss out!
Because your life and goals will have evolved way past that by then because you'll have a family and being locked in with a woman that lost her youth is far better than dying alone and unloved.I've done CNA work before with the elderly, you do not want to die alone. It's horrible when all they have to love in life is an employee that wants to get home by pm and they are scared you won't be there for them when it's time.
he's are nigger brazil anon. he probably either lives on welfare, or makes low effort reaction videos on jewtube for that ad revenue. for some reason all youtube negroes make reaction videos.
I am currently involved in a non sexual Dominant/Submissive relationship with a very high performing woman. This is exactly how it is with us. I provide order in her life, she provides energy toward my projects. We both are richer for the process.
Desperation and insecurity amplified by their hardwired biological need for reproduction and child-rearing remaining unfulfilled. The human body and mind give zero fucks and will start doing crazy things to get what it wants. If peaceful negotiations fail, it will start throwing shit at the wall to see what sticks in its uncompromising struggle towards equilibrium. Similar principles apply to the cognitive dissonance that drives and reinforces the complete insanity of communists.
Thus ist true. They now are only able to accept people that are coming to THEM. which will BE one of the Million betas that are around.Shes löst her tools to activly engange..Very good Observation my friend
those are /'s in bongland
I bet that bet this is the physique of like % of /pol/lmao
Age doesn't matter in this weird ass modern world where the likelihood of witnessing the apocalypse and living forever are roughly equal.Really, no one gives a fuck how old you are. Go about things like you're  and have the world by the balls. Only better time to start than now was yesterday, broses malone.
I just wanted to let you know that shakti is the literal word for strength in poo language and shiva is a woman's name you gaylord. You got it backwards.
When do you get your degrees then?
that thing where they act overly happy and come off as fake bothers me. Idk im like autistic but i dont understand why women do that? Something feels cold about it and reminds me of my mother
It's always those types who trip over themselves to claim some imaginary moral high ground. If it makes you feel better, their lives are shit, they know their lives are shit, and their minds are constantly occupied with how shitty their lives are, and this is how they cope. I have a sister who fits this profile, and she is the saddest, most predictable turd I've ever met.Let the losers lose.
And this is supposed to be male prime ageIt is. You failed.
everything you said is true. Shit is all fucked up nowadays and i wish it wasn't. I really wouldn't care about all this bullshit and the world falling apart if i had someone to love and be with.
My buddy was slumping hard when he hit , so he picked up a weekend gig bartending. He's an electrician and doesn't need the money at all. This was strictly a pussy decision.His strategy has yielded phenomenal results. Bartenders get easy pussy, apparently. It ain't pretty, but he had to branch out and expand his market, so to speak.
Women have a brief period from about  to  where if they came from a decent background or at least didn't suffer any real trauma then they'll be great people during this age.If they get married they'll stay great, if they don't they seem to break down like you said.
I feel ya bro.Uni is full of arrogant tossers. I'm no fan of pride, but I can at least understand it if you really are top shit, like Conor McGregor was. But what in the world could a  yo uni student have possibly done to warrant such an attitude? It's all a facade and a lie, and the lying only gets worse the more you progress through the (((university))) system in white collar shark "work". Perhaps another bolshevik revolution wouldn't be such a bad idea.
You butthurt bro? I can feel it from here. Didn't realize muh dik was that long.
They are used to being a commodity but now the biological clock is ticking they turn into the akward nerds they wouldnt fuck in their teens/s.I experienced it first hand, im not a looker but my last  workplaces i had coworkers asking me out real cringeylike.I turned them down a previous relationship left me with anger issues i dont want to end up as a murderer.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?None of the woman you're thinking about have children do they? It's their biological clock. Tick tick.
My dad was straight out of the Al Bundy school of roasting single women. My never-married aunt getting BTFO at holiday parties when she brought of feminist bullshit talking points is probably my fondest childhood memory, knowing what I know now. Your pops is a good man. Every dad has a moral obligation to teach their sons the laws of the jungle
Whether you were a kid or an adult in the s you still experienced the s. What kids experience isn't detached from what adults experience.  year olds today are having to experience the same trans shit we are.
It's bizarre isn't it. All the faculty I dealt with were extremely friendly and helpful, yet half the students were complete dickheads.
Because they realized that men aren't looking at them like they used to do when they were in their s. Nobody told them about the wall. They thought the simps would be simping forever even when they turn . So they realize they had to put on the "nice face" to not being looked down by men, but utting a nice face is exhausting when you're actually a nasty bitch, that's why they go crazy and bipolar.
Why are you framing this as some zero-sum game? Who gives a fuck what Stacy is doing. It's not like men associate with women to hear their opinions; that's just a cost of doing business.Let the man stick his dick in anything willing to have it. I don't get your point.
that shit'll moon
HAPA IS THE FUTURE. RESISTANCE IS FUTILE
She's hot and he looks fucking cosntipated
I'm  and I get more and more attention from women every year. WTF are you doing, nigger? Do you groom yourself? How about confidence? It should go up with age
thanks dr. philfucking kek
When they rode enough of the cock carousel and yrone is in prison, they look for more stable beta providers who got their shit together, looks and cock size doesn't matter anymore.
Hospital administrator Rachel Gow, , of Haslingden, Lancashire, thought she was not where she should be in life and felt other members of her family were ‘doing better than her’.Fearing her boyfriend Anton Tsvarev,  would leave her, Miss Gow sent him a text message wishing him ‘all the best for the future’ before taking her own life at her home.Women are all about status, even roasties past their prime can get a man if they want. they just want a rich and accomplished guy. Once they realize a rich guy has no reason to date a + yo woman when he has endless young pussy at his feet, they realize they will have to revise their expectation. Imagine being her boyfriend and realizing she killed herself because you are the best she could get and she wanted more.
Modern Feminism.Women are supposed to grow out of the I'm a little princess phase' but thanks to modern feminism, women get more entitled and neurotic as they age.
They're acting out the script but not getting the ending they expect.Sex and city. Have what they think men have became acting like men will make them happy because equality.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?They got jewed
There's a chronic shortage of people telling women "No." and then when reality finally slaps them in a face with a "No.", they can't handle it.

find washed up roastie and save her from her drug problems at pay for her to go to collegebrainwash her so she is wholly and utterly devoted to me for saving her and putting her through college Been sitting on my ass playing vidya and just generally doing whatever the fuck I want for the past  years with no sign of stopping anytime soonhaven’t had to cook anything for myself in years ballsack emptied out every dayI feel sorry for you bros, women are so easy to manipulate. And yes I am a psychopath.
No they dont look for them. They still look for alphas, but to no avail. For backup, they half-heartedly reach half their arm out to contact one of the million betas that are on standby
is that the captain marvel faggot?
they look like low resolution ps characters
 It's best not to eat if I know I will be crossing paths with her.based and keked
It’s like they have suddenly all become super socially retarded.They have always been like that, you just worked through it since they were hot. When they get older and lose the sex appeal the ones that are left are all the same.
Can confirm. Heaps of paddies here
he paid for her collegeshe has drug problemsshe was “washed up” at , meaning she rode mad dickand he brags about it Hahahahaha holy shit bruh. Keep that to yourself. Simping on reformed whores isn’t alpha.
Girls only grow into women by the presence of a strong male figure in their lives. Females are a blank slate, they have no inherent personality, goals or drive. If they've made it to their s and are still single it means one of two things. . They've been hopped around dick to dick and never been able to hold one down. That means the men she's gone after have been of low quality (The fault then lies with her father) or she fell for the feminist (aka spinster coping mechanism) of sleeping around and is now a complete fucking mess, combining the features of a hundred different men and offering nothing of any value to any men. . They've been single all the way up until . This implies a level of genetic weakness. Mutations have caused undesirable physical or mental (emotional) traits and they've been left to the wayside to never breed. Some of them may want to, some may be so autistic they don't care.What it comes down to is that women need a consistent strong male figure to guide them and give them a personality. Our society has moved away from that and is the reason it's rotting.
Get a younger one and put a baby in her within a few years. If you waste her youth she will end up like the ones you describe. Dont be a part of the problem anon. also make shure she is Huwite and of good stock.
Women always had these traits. You don't notice them when they are attractive. The less attractive they become, the more noticible the traits. I waited until  to get engaged. I should have done it at  but I was a retard. Better late than never. She's . We are are getting married in  days and already trying to have a baby. Don't give up. I know they seem dumb but they will literally believe what you believe in  months. Talk to them. They don't believe what they say. All of this is due to weak men. This is why they are trying to kill masculinity and fathers. Good luck.
no you fucking retardedthat is why they push the anti pedo shit so hardYOU CAN GET THEM BEFORE THEY ARE BRAINWASHED
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man? Never pursue a woman over . Its obvious some massive shift in their head occurs past this age. You will be unable to influence them at all. The thousand dick stare is real. Just dont pay attention to them at all.
Because I would be happy seeing children grow up to  handsome sons and  beautiful daughters
They’re lost, Op. Pity them.
Women always had these traits. You don't notice them when they are attractive.FALSE WRONGFALSE WRONGyo uare all fucking idiots or cult membersyou can stop and rerse ALL OF THE SHIT these same fags are pushing if you get them at there is a need to be upsetit fuels the rhetoric i push that leads to violence agasint the cult members!HI FEDS!
Male prime ageI think you took MGTOWs too seriously, anon. Male prime age is arguably , but definitely not later than that. I
Early s is a precarious time for women where she makes attempts to reassess the last decade of her life. Women’s psychological rationalization engine begins a furious effort to account for, and explain to her reasonings for not having successfully secured a long term monogamous commitment from as Alpha a man as her attractiveness could attain for her. Even women married prior to this phase will go through some variation of self-doubt, or self-pity in dealing with the hypergamic uncertainty of her choice (“Is he really the best I could do?”)It’s during this stage that women will make radical shifts of what traits qualify as ‘attractive’ in a man and attempt to turn over a new leaf by changing up their behaviors to align with this new persona they create for themselves. Since the physicality and Alpha dominance that made up her former arousal cues in a Man aren’t as forthcoming from men as when she was in her sexual prime, she reprioritizes them with (presumed) preferences for more intrinsic male attributes that stress dependability, provisioning capacity, humor, intellect, and esoteric definitions of compatibility and intimacy.For the spiritually inclined woman this may manifest in a convenient return to convictions she’d disregarded since her adolescence. For other’s it may be some kind of forced celibacy; a refusal to have sex under the hypergamic auspices of her ‘party years’ in the hopes that a well provisioning male will appreciate her for her prudence – so unlike herself and all of the other girls who rejected him over the last decade.The self-affirming psychological schema is one where she’s “finally doing the right thing”, when in fact she’s simply making the necessity of her long term provisioning and security a virtue she hopes men will appreciate. And if they don’t, then there’s always shaming them to think they’re ‘less-than-men’ for not living up to her eating her cake once she’s had it.
after the first paragraphy i feld my virginity regrowing this thread sucks
Is that photo real? It looks like some s Nazi fetish porn.
Welp I guess only white trash and half-gypsies are not faulty humans
For academics it's definitivly later than . Yeah i just passed that higher math examso you free this weekend no in three weeks is the statics exam
You are a moron. Maybe when children were all home schooled. You are either  and alone or  and a retard. Women by default need support. Their genes demand it. Socialism makes the most sense for them. A strong man early will show them that depending on a man is much better than depend g on the state. Women are vulnerable by definition. Then need a strong force to protect them, it all comes down to if it's the government or their husband.. I don't care what you say. I've fucked so many of them, it's clear.
Suck dick. Marriage is a Jewish meme meant to stupify men and stop them from achieving true success
You sure? I feel they aren't anymore cringe than  year old women, your sex drive just tapers off and you're seeing that women have nothing redeeming about them.
Absolutely, op. I’m in my early ’s having got married in my early ’s. My single friends have lost their minds. There’s no longer selective dating to find someone compatible and settle down, it’s all tinder fucks and breakdowns. Sad.
Forgot to add. They know it too. Even if they don't say it they know it. That's the sad part is they have been fed the idea they don't need a protector and they pretend to believe, but they see their mothers getting old and they know. It's fucking sad to be honest because at a certain point it's too late for them.
Can confirm, i'm  and I get looks and hit on by - year old girls almost exclusively and when I was younger nobody gave me the time of day. Unfortunately the AOC is  here
Women in their thirties aren't cringy. That's when they stop being cringy. That's when they're starting to have to rely on other things than being attractive.Some women start earlier, like the naturally ugly ones. More often than not, these are actually worth talking with.Of course there are those that refuse to grow up, but they're no more cringy than their equivalent men. You know the type. The man in his forties-fifties who still goes out getting drunk in pursuit of a drunk lay, or goes to brothels abroad with his buddies.
Assuming what you're saying is true, it's a great exception of the rule. Absolutely everywhere women look MUCH worse in their s.
Sounds like heaven. Why would you spend an evening tip-e-toeing on eggshells opposite a triggered psycho bitch?
Its not too late to stop dating racism
Why would I want to prevent my own racism?
Based
Damn I've never been racist before but this makes it sound pretty funThanks OP I'll give this a try
Checked and keked.

That is fetishizing and racist.
Did you also know that having consensual sex is rape?
shes not really saying anything i egregious seems pretty based to be honest'racism = treating other races differently'
FPBP.
Bumping once. More people must know.
Jokes on you, im a Volcel.
Give me the fucking microphone.Listen up.I'm sick and tired of all you loud ass entitled niggers running your mouths.Every single day you come out here, you make the same damn posts. "black lives matter" this, "RACISM" that.Well guess what I'm gonna do?I'm gonna take my mouseWHAT?I'm gonna click on the post numberWHAT?I'm gunna start typing in the reply boxWHAT?I said I'm gunna start typing in the reply box!WHAT?I'm gunna call you a niggerWHAT?A pavement apeWHAT?A porch monkeyWHAT?A no good son of a sheboonWHAT?I'm gonna solve that captchaWHAT?The one with the fire hydrantsWHAT?The one with the stoplightsWHAT?The one with the bicyclesWHAT?The one with the carsWHAT?The one with the bussesWHAT?The one with the CROSSWALKSWHAT?I'm gonna click submitWHAT?I said I'm gonna click submit!WHAT?I'm gunna derail the thread!WHAT?Send all you ungrateful niggers back to AfricaWHAT?That's right, I said I'll send you back!WHAT?AND THAT'S THE BOTTOM LINEWHAT?CUZ STONE COLD SAID SOhttps://youtu.be/MrJLsNosCU
Hell yeah
 IS THE YEAR OF THE INDIAN IN INTERNET DATING
treating one race differently than the rest, that is racismhttps://youtu.be/kiUcMYXuPc?t=lololol I can't believe people lack introspection
BUILT
Where at
MOM I WANT A PONY FOR CHRISTMASMOM I WANT A PONY FOR CHRISTMASMOM I REALLY REALLY WANT A PONY FOR CHRISTMASI had no choice but to buy one, you see...
Nice digits, but your message is strong! Lemme see dem doggies.*mashes  and  togther*As above so belowwwwwww.Hey nice ! Truth in ops message!May god be with us all!
How about just don't go on Tinder. Degenerate.Just get to know chicks in wholesome ways. Invite them out to a movie. Go to the zoo.Meet them organically at clubs or other social occasions.
This. I avoid Tinder and I also avoid racism. I'll talk to any girl I meet at my local country club, a hockey game or shopping for sunscreen regardless of their skin color.
/thread

Fucking based
If there's nothing special or new about other races I will just stick to caucasians.
Peppy.  weeks ago (edited): "And I'm a white woman and I've never been with a white man before! lol I do have clear racial preferences when it comes to dating it seems, so I am racist in that context (have a racial fetish), but this only applies to men. I am also attracted to women and when it comes to women, I find women of all ethnicities attractive, although still having the same preference Tell me how wonderful white women are again, /pol/.
Superplougher 
UK grime rapper Wiley has now swallowed the Ice Cube pillhttps://mobile.twitter.com/wileyceo?lang=en
And the shabbos goy squad comes in to defend the smallhats. Kek.
he supporters are still % behind him
Literally who? And why should the rest of us care? Ice cube is an international star, Wiley just makes shitty music that nobody outside of England likes.
Based .
Fuck off then if you don't like it debbie downer
im losing my memory
go see a doctor.call right now
Stop drinking
haha smoothbrain BTFO
Let me just say that I'm not aging your thread because this thread isn't remotely political, but I'd start with practicing with some basic memory games. Memory needs to be trained and exercised. Possibly rely on technology less.That said, let's please try keep the quality of posts and especially threads on this board better. Take care.
Yeah stop drinking. Ask you friends or family or god for help.Not in that order per say.May god be with you.May god be with us all!
Brain cancer
how do you remember that lost your memory?
Stop smoking weed. You'll think you're fucking psychic in a month with the amount of shit you remember.
because a few years ago i could remember those same things ,i could remmber what have eaten the last few days ,or make a mental image of what i did steep by the step the en tire day ,not anymore and im only 
PQQ, Lion's Mane it is the rona
sounds like tumor, man
Supplement zinc & seleniumTakes  weeks of  pill a day to receive full effect
There could be multiple reasons this is happening. It could be something as simple as you aren't getting enough sleep at night. All the way up to brain cancer. Hell it could also be your diet. There's no telling unless you give more information, and this is not the place for this.
thanks ,what do you think it could cause it , i dont drink or take any druggs and i live a quite healthy life
But how can you be sure you're remembering properly? Maybe your memory was always faulty and you're just more aware of it.
thanks i will have to go to the doctor even when im terrified of the bad news
,what do you think it could cause italzheimers tumor brain damage lack of oxygen lack of nutrients  things
what a beautiful place. Where is it?
It’s called brainfog and happens due to a lack of zinc & selenium in the body. I got it myself before I started supplementing.
I'm  and feeling the same, my memory used to be really good but now I'm forgetting simple things, I ended up going to the store  times in one afternoon because I had forgotten to buy things.I'm hoping that it's to do with the fact I've been furloughed and stuck at home for ~ months, and not anything serious
You're probably having a series of small strokes which are destroying the short-term memory region of your brain.
I can't remember
make a blog dude.
u probably have carbon dioxide in your house and youre about to die open yuor windows anon
i had/have a similar problem too:this anon is right. what helped me was getting rid of electronics for a while, especially internet with its constant flow of useless information (youtube, chan, social media in general etc.) will rot your brain, ruin your concentration and attention span, and can even cause „memory holes“ due to mental exhaustion.try to cut the electronic jew out of your life for a while, or at least reduce your consumption drastically. instead try to work in silence, read a book, „play memory games“ and try to recall every paragraph you read and to give a summary.i wish you luck, anon. take care
This is a symptom of Covid. It's neuro-invasive.
my foot hurtsits covid
Either stupidity. Or a semen overdose.
*memeflag*"im losing"perfect time to stop and hide the thread!
rest in r.i.p
i live a quite healthy lifeHow is your diet? Did you fall for the vegetarian meme? Let me just tell you that if you don't eat enough nutritious foods like meat, egg, milk and cheese you will have problems. Plant food contains a lot of vitamins on paper, but not in a for we can easily utilise. Eat more meat
typical white boi
how long before you forget about this thread?
Don't wait until it gets worse, go see a doctor asap.
China
leave none alive
China is a problem, but let's face it: they are small in stature, submissive, and respect white people. I don't think it's much of a problem so long as we keep putting the heat on them. And man is our president putting the fucking heat on them.
https://www.rt.com/usa/-china-consulate-houston-entryOP is lazy neckbeard
If they produce evidence that the Chink have been throwing fuel on the riots then heads will roll.
Dunno, I'm too busy masturbating to superior Japanese porn.
African "Americans" are much more of a threat to this country.
It was filled with traps, punji stakes, trees, bushes, snipers, IEDs, swinging log traps, they even turned the bathroom into a microcosm of the Three Gorges Dam made out of office equipment that they breached when we walked by, the rest of my squad drowned
shitstain
They should start bringing in busloads of Chinese nationals that have flooded our colleges and throwing them into incinerators whilst stile alive while these consulate fucks loon down in horror as they see what's coming for them. Trump is a fucking eunuch bitch that should have already nuked china off the map. The absolute most barbaric acts even known to mankind would still be too nice to china. Fuck them all.
pbp
it's an election year stunt from trump after he tacitly endorsed nigger rioters by doing nothing for months
Ha ha ha. Chinese are tall unlike japanese. They are way smarter than americans and usually very rude. You are delusional. But hey, its your fantasy.
OK
Why are we planning to go crush Commie skulls in China when there are so many Commie skulls to crush in America?
they let the chinks leave.why did they let them leave?why are they not pulling fingernails and waterboarding and such?wtf?
Thats because they dont respect you, because you are dumb fucking chilean who isn't white.Your GDP/capita must be at least k to post in this thread.
The Chicoms also fear the negroid. For good reason. Their mere presence will destroy a culture and economy.
tall is a relative term too, I guess they could be considered tall if you are a chilean
Chinese are tall unlike japaneseYou wish, chinkoid midget.
We should do both
Chinese are tall
Kek
That's not the plan fucking goy! You're supposed to believe China organized BLM and thus want war with China, please don't just assume it's the jew!
Shiver me timbers there faggot
digits and epstein is in there
Keep on sinking. The world is enjoying it.
Americans are stuck in a s mentality where they still have relatively limitless resources and the rest of the world is still undeveloped outside of Japan and Europe. They really don’t understand they’ve been successfully replaced in all fields by China, and pretty soon the economic ramifications are going to be hitting them, harder than what corona virus is doing. The post you replied to shows the absolute levels of smug arrogance they have and discontent with two generations of people that have worked themselves to absurd degrees for the explicit purpose of this coming moment. Then, ‘they’re going to ask, how could this have possibly happened’, when they realize the reliance on being world police was actually a mutualistic relationship and they’re not getting they’re free economic benefits anymore. Oh well.
This banter doesn't even make sense, Britain is far detached from what is going on here.
I am ' or .cm for you metric ignorants,
because commies in America are jewish cabal and their entire point is to get you to want war with China.
It's just for show. The chinks was fucking with our consulate in China so we fucked with theirs in America.
The Chengdung consulate was the spying base for Tibet. Its closing was due.
This is a very interesting point that you bring up, but have you seen the numbers our economy has been doing? The gap between America and the rest of the world is growing at a tremendous rate
Too many Communist sympathizers in the government and military.They are deep rooted like a terrible cancer.Even if we managed to get a bunch of them there's still a bunch of super secret deep cover spies. There's several GOP members who are probably long term crypto Democrats they just pretend to be conservative.
Wow almost cm tall
While standing on a pile of cabbage
OK bro
noted in your file
I read two Chinese nationals defected
Lol even their advanced stuff like G is implemented with dog shit equipment that will probably break in a year or two. They literally scam themselves with counterfeits.
Fucking niggers, burning our cities downCommie fucksWhos funding themMust be China since theyre commies tooLets go to war with chinapic related
write this paragraphcomplain of arrogancelook at the data Jong
Ah yes all the Chinese owned media companies and Chinese politicians and Chinese celebrities and Chinese blue check marks on Twitter riling up the leftards
if they wanted to make a show of it they should have livestreamed the flogging and such.that would have been a great show and a deterrent.
the only person who has mentioned jewish people or communism in this thread is you
All of which are fueled by Chinese money. Use your head, useful idiot
Chinks may be smarter than blacks but not Whites.
He’s a PLAnigger using a vpn
Pull a weed out by it's roots
Chinese are tall
It is the destiny of men of the west to slay dragons.
Both, as usual
Your country is literally a United States naval base, no exaggerationThe backwards Denisovans will never surpass whitey, sorry
CommieI did mention kikes first though, probably because the other  posters are jewish pushing war on American kids.
.cm for you metric ignorants
Why would it have to be one or the other? How fucking stupid are you?
guest worker tries to make his shithole feel bigger than it is while living in a modern countryHory shit
I mean fucking seriously, intellectual domains have been, are, and always will be dominated by whites.Take a look at chess for example. China, a nation of . billion people can't come up with an answer to Norway's Magnus Carlsen.
the only people against jews are the PLAabsolute state of American jewery. YOU HAVE TO GO BACK CHAIM
This but unironically.
Chinese moneyYou’re either retarded or a very bad liar
He's obviously sliding, who knows what his allegiance is. Probably blm since he was so incessant on introducing the n word to this thread.He doesn't sound smart at all, just ignore him
they are sneaky or devious.not really smart.smart is knowing that devious acts will be found out and punishment will be due so, it's better to be honest and positive.stupid people dream up and enact shady capers with no thought on the consequences of getting v&.like the Portlanders getting M& (murder holed by the man).they should have murder holed those sneaky chinks.
All China has is ballistic missiles, a weak navy, and obsolete tech. No one can stand against the US in conventional warfare, expect China to go whining to the UN or something. Political posturing is all they have.
China is the biggest threat to the U.S. in the world. More Marxists are Chinese than Jewish, and they wield influence in all aspects of our culture. Look what happened to Richard Gere. He criticized Beijing ONCE and it ended his career in Hollywood. Open your eyes, anons. We lose more each month in IP to the chinks than we give to pissrael in a year.
tallnoway smarternot even close. i work with chinks daily as a trainer. they’re run of the mill boys that can’t problem solve without written instructions. their solution is simply make it look like it works so they don’t look bad. chinks are utterly useless when not dominated.
Literally no one here was talking about Jews until some bugman decided to hijack. Throw yourself off a building while your fellow chinks laugh, Chang (like in that one .webm)
AmericawhiteEven I know that’s bullshit at this point. We’re not getting any whiter mate
t. PLAnigger
Hello fifty cent army from Houston consulate
THE UN IS THE US DUMBO
lmao
Fuck off chang.
Imagine being a literal kike and convincing yourself this board would accept you in any shape or form. Watch what happens when we log into minecraft, boy. You're all incestous enough that I'm sure one of your minecraft bloodline will get it
I was. And in some ways, the Marxist elements of American Jewry are related to the Zhangs (look it up) and Changs. That being said, China has a lot more influence in the U.S. media than people realize. See . Even Mel Gibson made a comeback, and what he said and produced was x more demeaning to the kikes than what Gere said about China.
Kikes want you to focus on China to take the heat off them. The whole black vs white thing didn't work so now they replaced nogs with chinks
and respect white peopleretard
Chinese jew in South Korea shitposting about the USAlol ok
No, I'm just a comfy white dude. I do not fear an asian person ever hurting me, nigs on the other hand...
You're getting a really big war. You bought it. At least you can watch your future vanish for the largest defense budget in history...for which you will never see a dime:^)
Underrated
No. You're well meaning, and the kikes are a problem... But fifteen million kikes are nothing compared to . BILLION chinks. Read my posts.
I'm a tall attractive white man who grew up in a very Chinese suburb in California, they practically worshipped me and people like me, even in college. Kind of like how a lot of white kids try to emulate their favorite niggers, they love us.
We've already embraced communism? Will you see more freedom after the war?
they are way smarter than Americanseveryone in travel says never to go to Disney Shanghaiparents forcing their kids to piss in trash cans right on the street if a girl if boy they just tell him to do it in a corner on the streetno one respects shitkids running in do not enter parts of the parkYeah not really all there to be honest
he was so incessant on introducing the n word to this thread.who knows what his allegiance is. Probably blm somebody tell me jewish people didn't write this post
Your post didn't make much sense, so I took off my flag in the hopes that you'll take responding more seriously.
You should be concerned. Soon the Yuan will take over as the reserve currency and the majority of the world will do business with THE PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF CHINA like never before. Why do you think the Europeans are dumping the dollar? They see the writing on the wall, in fact everyone does. THE PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF CHINA is the light at the end of this long and gloomy tunnel, a tunnel created by the American regime mind you.
Got em
why are chongs in australia short af then?
I'd be more concerned with all the ORANGE MAN BAD commies and sore loser democrats that are trashing yoir country right nowHow many of them are receiving china money to destroy your country from the inside?You've already seen all the big corporations and even the W.H.O bow down and suck gook cock, wouldnt be far fetched to think they got activists and politicians on their payroll
I'm a tall attractive white manYou're a retarded genetic defect
China very tall! You grow seeds we send seeds in mail stupid round eye short people. You grow now chpeechoppee!
Fuck you, do you look at the markets? You could probably get rich by shorting the Yuan/USD over the next five years. Trump is doing gods work for this country.
Here's the link cause OP is lazyhttps://twitter.com/Breaking/status/
You didn't give b to China for absolutely free just months ago though did you? Chinks don't own your media do they? They don't hold the power in your college campuses, classrooms and business. Your President elect'S don't literally NEED to bow down to China on home soil, publicly, and promise them gibs, before and after election, do they?Wake the fuck up. You're about to get told to fight for the ZOG again, and it sounds like you're actually keen. Wasn't so keen to go stop your own cities from burning a couple weeks ago, but happy to travel , miles to invade other cities.
Some kind spy shit. Chinese infromantants and spys propaply got too cocky and us went to clean house. In return china wi kick some CIA goon out of mainland. Then back to normal.
The American soldier is weak and mixed with niggers blood. He is a coward and does not fight with honor. Soldiers fighting for the PEOPLES REPUBLIC OF CHINA are banded under one banner fighting in unison against a common enemy striving for the same goals. How can the negrified American soldier compete with that?
Should have mentioned that the pic was related, so is this one. Mandatory for anybody to even get near the white house, of course. No other country goes through this ritual, of course.
What do you hope to accomplish by posting on this board for your inferior country??
Based. White people from California are the best. Based and redpilled but still successful and happy and not hateful like a lot of /pol/.
Diplomatic immunity. You can order them to leave, and they have to leave immediately by the most direct route, but that's about it.
You are absolutely correct. We are being destroyed from the inside out and the Chinese among others, are taking full advantage of the situation.
an American female soldier could maul a Chinese soldier in hand to hand combat, more than likely.
Your eventual demoralization and gradual decay into a life long downward spiral of homosexual sex and hardcore narcotics induced psychosis.
ya but they actually refused and this is the result
so did they actually leave?or are they shacked up at the airport hilton using the ethernet connection in their suite to send as much data as they can from their vpn'd laptops?
Americans have no idea they're having their hand held and being walked into war again on behalf of Israelsad, Europe will not follow you this time, it's too splintered.
Now that's a good point chang
From what I can read the consulate staff left by the back door while the front door was being broken into. It's US soil again. If the staff have been declared persona non grata and don't leave the country they lose their diplomatic immunity, but it's unclear whether they have or whether they can just head to the embassy.
They do, look at my posts. Look at Chinese investments in Hollywood. It's bad, anon. I'm not denying the kikes are complicit, but wake the fuck up. There will not be a boots on the ground war with China. It will remain economic and cultural. We are losing due to the economic shutdown and general apathy towards our own culture.
The kind of mentality that more white men need to have
Seize all of the property they own, and sell it to the public for fractions of the value.
that this is clearly the premise to a war it's undeniable so the US will have to wage a  or  front war probably an internal war getting close to a civil war a war with china and most probably with China ally if any  -  is the end of the modern world led by the West
imagine all the gross leftovers in the fridge
You're high if you think the government is not ready to push your country into an all out war with china for the world domination this very event is the proof
why would you respond to yourself ?
Bro Chinese-American college students are by and large great people. Why? They aren't the ones who inject cancerous ideologies into academia, they just do well and make positive contributions to campuses. I like them because they tend to be politically neutral, and are always polite and friendly.The blacks are the real problem in this country guys, fucking go outside. I encourage all of you to go back to school because there is a lot of uneducated discussion going on this thread.
China is fraud central as far as their economics numbers and companies are. I think even they estimate that % of their businesses run frauds. It's a giant Ponzi scheme. Even US is clean by comparison. And we are in the golden age for the fraudulent companies. But we have a lot of real companies. US business sees how easy it is to cheat in China and they copy that.What will happen is like every Ponzi, Chink super Ponzi will run it's course. We will have a lot of companies go under, but running a verifiable non fraudulent business will be worth premium, at least for some time.I don't think you fully understand what's going on. US is absolute shit by US standards, but by Chinese standards and EU standards, we are squeaky clean. It's all fraud, but the recovery from what we have and what China has going will be different. China is irrecoverable. The US is, albeit at a much smaller scale.
Correct
All out war is already happening. You're naive if you think a WWII style boots on the ground conflict will happen between the two hegemons of the world. Proxy wars, economic wars and cultural subversion are the standard since AT LEAST the 's, if not the 's. It makes no sense for either side to engage in open and direct conflict. That's why we never went straight at the USSR, and even more so due to globalization of everyone's economy, that's why it won't happen with China. Stop importing slant-eyed demons into your country, btw.
Chinese don't even respect each other you lying shitwit, they sure as shit don't respect us when everything they have they've stolen from us.
blacks are way worse
With the colored revolution happening in the US there's never been a better and there will never be a better time for China to act. It's undeniable. I agree that it might turn into a proxy war and never reach full scale but you have to admit that this is escalating very quickly.
posts kushnerLmao nice opsec, zhang.
china is a joke and their leadership is desperately struggling to hold onto power as their ship starts to sink.everything over there - even the posh luxury shit - is fake, phony, and cut so many corners its fucking circularchina has lost every single war it has ever engaged in. every single one.a country that is paralyzed with fear by winnie the pooh is not a country that will achieve greatness.
Man I went to school with so many of them, I was successful, and they respected me more than anybody.
Holywood is an incestuous pit of monet shuffling jews and chinks you dumb fuck. If you don't think that money is making its way into leftist causes and leftist politicians and the MSM I have a bridge I'd like to sell you.
I thought it was the juden who did that?
Those damn Chinese will pay for this!
t. bugmanIt's posturing, nothing will come of kicking each other out. All consulates are for spies and everyone knows this. It was just a fuck you, and "breaching" it is media nonsense. The uprising in the U.S. has been exposed for the LARP it is ever since the fedfaggots rolled in and now we're letting China know that we can't be pushed around - international niceties be damned. What are they going to do? Ask for more retaliation and force us to kick them out entirely and bring our manufacturing back? Their hand is exposed and it's pretty weak.
On a grand scale, its not meaningful. I'm sure during the next presidency both China and the US will be able to reopen their closed consulates. Regardless of what the racist rednecks and neets on this board think, the world is just buying time and waiting out Trump.
Fuck off Chang. Most of them are literal spies that deserve the rope. The others will just get educated here, steal as much from us as possible and return to the motherland with their stolen knowledge. Your entire bloodline should be removed for being a communist sympathizer.
 posts by this IDShills are a problem, but let's face it: they are small minded, stupid, and generate (You)'s. I don't think it's much of a problem so long as we keep sage-ing the threads. And man is Hiroshimoot putting the fucking heat on them.
Europe can't even keep their own homelands secure and have already rolled over for their replacements by making breeding propaganda to favor their foreign military aged invaders. they'll be next to useless in a real war, an entire content of soi faggots.
you're jealous of my popularity in this thread, you idiot
which is fine and all, but the problem with the chinese is that very very few of them have the emotional and moral intelligence to temper the worship of success with the understanding that true success is not just measured in obvious material rewards, but in the deeper and richer-ah fuck it why am i wasting my time. if you get kids you'll understand more
Pump the brakes, champ
stock market = economyspotted the brainlet
English is getting better chang
china planes cant fly, china ships sink, china subs get towed by garbage tugs, china missiles cant fly straight, china trucks catch fire, china bridges collapse, china dams burst kill and starve half countryOkay China
no I understand what you're saying
wow you're pretty wrong. there are a lot of shitty ones slipped in and they have the most questionable academic integritybut none of them - not a single one - wants to go back to the motherland dude. arriving here is a greater reward than anything the entire CCP has to offeryou dont have to live in china
Checked, but also your gay
"My popularity!" he criesFeverishly generating (You)'s the shill works hard posts by this ID$. has been deposited into your account"Wowee! A whopping $. for my efforts! Bash the fash!"
Pretending we are behind the curve is hilarious. We've kept ahead in microprocessor manufacturing, and in the last  years expanded our domestic energy and rare earth metal production vastly. This isn't  anymore, manufacturing cheap plastic shit isn't exclusive to china anymore. If anything, they are the replaceable ones.
good stuff, thanks
COVID was the first strike on USA by China. It was bioweapon
Except while yurop has moved towards a service economy, china has always been manufacturing, and Russia has resources, we've kept a hand in all , and we're reaching a juncture where economic diversity is a plus
People already forgot about wayfair, this shit will be non news by tomorrow
hopefully quarantined and fumigated
Chinese are way smarter than AmericansThat’s not really saying much, both equally retarded
this
And then they signed your death warrant on a deal with Iran and cucked you out of Europe.Oh by the way everyone knows kikes and kike sympathizers are the problem after you exposed your ugly faces for what it truly is. No amount if pilpul and D&C is going to save you anymore. Enjoy the Karmic Backlash for all of your faggotry.
Cause for concern. Yes. Possibly WW. Yes
stop projecting your desires. fag
They also don't seem to grasp that their paper currency is about to collapse, in large part because they pissed off China and Iran into retaliating.They are in full blown denial over this because their ego and buttbrains won't allow them to process the fact that they are being strangled to death as we speak by the very people they wrongfully antagonized.https://www.tasnimnews.com/en/news/////us-dollar-at-risk-of-sudden-collapse-ex-imf-official-warnsApparently the kikes they worshipped weren't the true God's Chosen, they were civilized by the Persians and after sticking their fingers in every pie the kikes thought they could antagonize the very hand that fed them to begin with.Their own God is going to reap them for this, because it's not even theirs to begin with, and evangelitards are going to be in for a rude awakening when they realize a special corner in hell is reserved for them and their faggotry.
No. The weapon was the media hysteria that convinced us to shutdown our economy even though it's no more deadly than the flu. They used American individualism against us, and it's working to an extent, which sucks. That's why Trump is now changing his rhetoric. Anything to get us back up on our feet because our population is too self-centered and media focused to realize that our young and healthy aren't at risk. We need to go back to school so parents can be free to return to work. We need to make people feel safe enough to actually go to work. You're at no more risk than the standard flu, and we never shut down for that. WAKE UP AHHHHHHH

Same media hysteria and faggot shit that you used to antagonize places like Iran with?Yea well it turns out two can play the same game. You started this barrage of faggotry way back in the s and the world just accepted it. They were patient with you because they thought you were just going through a phase. Now you've been revealed as hypocrites, faggots, and liars on the world stage by Iran and the world saw. That's why Europe is turning its back on you, that's why China is emboldened to punch you in your gut, and that's why you're leaving the middle east with your tails between your legs.You may not see any of this now, but remember, it's a slow and insidious process and it won't appear in a big flash like the movies. You'll just go out in a whimper like the worthless rats you are.
GDP unaffectedNo jobs createdCommie logic
He thinks there is only a left-right dichotomy in economicsThis is why the least retarded in your bunch still can't wrap their heads around how Chinese and Iranian economies work and have resorted to admit their own failures on your REGIME MOUTHPIECES the Washington Post, Fox News, CNN, and New York Times.Home of fake news.
IranNobody caresEuropeLiterally cannot exist without our militaryChina is punching you in the gutAnd we're shooting them in the head as retaliation. I hate our international policies, don't get me wrong. I'm a libertarian non-interventionist. But I don't make the decisions, even if I can see clearly what's happening. China as we know it won't exist in a decade due to their overestimation of their own power. They're number , but it's a distant second and Xi jinpiggy lost sight of that due to his own fanatical hubris.
Looks at flagYou can't even wrap your head around insults, friend. The rest of your post is similar REEEing
Zhou Co Ping
Acutally many media organizations are chinese owned or at least partially.
He doesn't understand the worldStill tries to make a comment on itThis is why everyone hates you and why you're too daft to see what's coming for you.
Lokk at this fucking mutt lolYou unimaginative mongrels can't even come up with something decent on your own, now you steal JIDF memes kekKNOW YOUR PLACE, MUTT.
Resorts to mindless insultsOk, friend.
He seethes and regurgitates the insults thrown at him mindlessly because he can't come to terms with the reality he reaped for himselfHey you had a good run, you just decided to overplay your hand. Better luck next time.My pic was making a point that most GDP is a poor measure of economic wealth. For reference, Nazi Germany had amazing economic statistics when it was being bombed by allied forces.You can try to measure economic indexes but most people attempting to analyze economics are retards who spew shit out of their asses, from Karl Marx to Ayn Rand.
The zmer shilling is reaching level of pathetic cope you can't even imagine lolGo join your little ANTIFA friends, mutt lol
War starts on Wednesday
We agree about GDP. Hell, if we have a ton of sick people in the U.S. our GDP goes up because the healthcare system profits. My point was that your pic was a bad representation of that concept (for the reasons I posted) and I said commie logic purely because of the flag. I know you didn't create the pic, it wasn't personal. I disagree with your implicit assertion that libertarian economic values are incorrect and I fully disagree with the Chinese model of socialism. It's a weak excuse to put all power into the State with no accountability, and it never leaves the hands of the State. This is why so many people flee the countries that use such a system. It's not even that the economics are necessarily bad (they aren't great, but they work), but the result of handing over all liberty to a concentrated set of State officials is disastrous for the general welfare of the people. I'm not sure where you're located, but my advice? Back whatever movement is closest to the founding ideals of the U.S., that's what I did. It's wildly unpopular even here, but it's worth the fight. Good luck in all things, anon.
Everyone here already knows they have.
I only used the pic because typing out the shortcomings of GDP is exhausting and it sums it up pretty nice for retards who like to use it as a dick measuring contest.I use the Nazbol flag because it's an absurdity and contradiction in and of itself, it's to get the flat brained thinking outside of a left-right paradigm.While I agree that the founding structures of the US had potential, it's unfortunately prone to corruption and subversion as you can clearly see demonstrated.I think the Chinese model of socialism is far from perfect, as nothing on this world is capable of reaching it, but it's something we can probably take apart and look into with an open mind to pick out the components that work and scrap the ones that don't. I would argue that the issue doesn't lie in so much as the structure of the system, but rather the ideals and people behind them.I wish you good luck and prosperity as well. That said, please understand my lust for shedding muttblood. I hope people like you are spared of the bloodbath and for the filth that blindly or knowingly brought the world to the Ziogoblin order to bear the brunt of the culling.Stay safe and arm yourself, may God be on your side.
If I call him a mutt enough times it'll sting less because I'll project it off of meJust come to terms with your faggotry kid and accept your neutering.
China hacked and stole NASA programs in houston and oil companies secret stuff.
lol Boi no idea what your kind is, mutt blood.We will see this trend through the end, but you are already a grist on the mill.KEK
I still find it to be hilarious that we don't let them on the ISS because they'd just steal our tech. Chinese geopolitics is just how much bark they can supplant without bite and their agents are not far off from those looking to steal Willy Wonka's fucking candy formulas.
Wonder what the Chinks did that made them get booted out lol, you don't just kick out a consulate for no reason so it must be some serious shit
Current events are an off the shelf plan but the prep work was destroyed by trump. TPP agreement was a way to backdoor chi KS I to America under the guise of working for Chinese companies. Obama care would have been in place to over see covid. They intended to tank the dollar as well but that's been fucked. Paris climate deal was to push us towards cap and trade scheme as part of global green new deal to reshape global eco omy under a supranational organization and enviro and medical tyranny. We still ha e a chance if people are willing to be heard.
BoiCalls others ZoomersAdmits to projecting his muttery by claiming he doesn't even know the "kind" I am
Chinks steal literally everything, nothing is ever original with them. We've kicked out tons of their spies before who got caught stealing tech
and respect white peopleAsk me how I know you don't live around them.
I removed my flag for another poster early on, but I'll put it back on for a fellow memeflaggot. I don't agree that we're more prone to corruption than any other ideology. All things rot, but not all things can be renewed. The founding ideals of the U.S. can be - it's right there in the bill of rights, and it's there for a reason. Chinese model has some useful properties and we should use what worksHere, I don't disagree logically, but in my heart, I'd die before I gave myself to the State. It's bad in the U.S., but people LARP like it's a lot worse than it actually is. Outside of property tax enslavement - I can do whatever I want. I am more free than .% of people who have ever lived, and I cherish it above all else. I'd die for it. Shedding mutt bloodMay it never come to that, I never want to be forced to rise up. I simply want to be left alone. Arm yourselfYes. You too, brother. 
lefty sandniggers getting mouthy collaborating with chinks LOLYou lose the game.Price is DEATH KEK
FORGOT TO PUT IT BACK FUCK
Dumbass Mutt continues to spew shit out of its assI can't even tell what gender you are since all the onions and faggotry festering you makes you dysmorphic. Either way way your suffering won't last much longer you'll be put out of our misery soon.
Jews are sandniggers, you jewish cumdumpster. Stop boomerposting like you’re unironically senile.
zmer confesses it doesn't even know KEK this bitchboi gets better and better.Don't worry son. We got you.Better shape up.
Why then
Here, I don't disagree logically, but in my heart, I'd die before I gave myself to the State. It's bad in the U.S., but people LARP like it's a lot worse than it actually is. Outside of property tax enslavement - I can do whatever I want. I am more free than .% of people who have ever lived, and I cherish it above all else. I'd die for it.That's fair, you're free to have the form of society you wish for yourself. I simply want to be left alone.Most people doMost of the (civilized) world has a soft spot for people like you. I would argue not even China wants to infringe upon it. It's just that you've let things run loose in your country to the point where it's now pushing faggotry and doing belligerent shit in places that wanted to be left alone too and have been forced to try and cull the problem at its root.No decent person or even "tyrannical state apparatus" like China's wants to infringe upon you, they just want their country and people left alone to sort matters how it suits them, because maybe certain freedoms don't work so well with certain populations or perhaps they exchange one form of freedom for another form, it's their right to choose as is your right to choose your own.It's just unfortunate that you've been infected with parasites causing issues both for yourself and the civilized world at the behest of subhuman filth that wouldn't survive without a host.Again stay safe and God Bless.
What an obsessed and angry nigger. Take your meds kid before you end up hurting yourself.
MUH CHINAMUH CHINAMUH CHINA
Post eyes lolYou are here for the ride no mater what, so you can come out now kek
Ha ha such allegations are impossible! Everybody know China is world's super power. China does need such immaturity things.
Is this not casus belli? We would sure as hell respond if it were done to us (as long as Hillary isn't in charge). Is the cold war finally officially hot?
post cock
.cmquit talking about your dick, xiaoxiao
Chink fuck up is reaching unbelievable levels lolxi must be feeling unwell. Something in his brain?LOL
justifying a war goal
Take off flag for a post? Or at least say? Interested. As far as the rest, I agree. We're trying to reign it in, but it's not working. As with most counties, despite our best efforts, a few people make the decisions. These people don't even deserve death. They deserve punishment, forever. But, like you, I'm one of just a few. My voice isn't heard and my ideas are ignored. Eventually, I know I'll be pushed too far and I hate it. It seems you're already there, and I wish you hadn't been forced to. God bless and the same to you. A song that reminds me why I would fight. Might not be to your tastes, but anyway. Bye anonhttps://youtu.be/cimVNIexnWc
Just more western anti-China propaganda
China has nothing to do with the riots. US leftists hate China
How much is the Pentagon paying you?
The lion bites the dragons tail playfully. The dragon is made of clay and crumbles. I take that clay and make another lion to live in the home of a dragon.May god be with the lionsMay god be with us all!
Good goy, die for Israel
it's prelude to war, basically
US leftists hate ChinaWhat planet are you living on Chang?
Proof?
It sure is, Chang
Nice cherrypicking. Now look at all the western leftists msm pushing the Uyguhr "concentration camps" narrative
We are about to have ww mate.I hope you are enlisted. I am.Looking forward to working with my ameribros. Perhaps we will meet in the south china sea.
It is, fed
Good goy. Chyna bad, jewish world order good
oi m u awright cuntyikes by golly i didn't even see you there
you should go to china sometime see what they think about you
I wonder what his last thoughts were? Was it all worth it?
 respect white people The white man officially revokes your white man membership. You are so unfathomably, irredeemably stupid and unaware, it is almost suicidal. Do you just sit there and fucking drool all day, blissfully ignorant of danger? Are you some sort of simpleton?CHINA HAS BEEN TRYING TO KILL US ALL FOR THE BETTER PART OF  YEARSCOMMUNISTS HAVE BEEN TRYING TO KILL US ALL FOR THE BETTER PART OF  YEARSTHE CHINESE ARE COMMUNISTFUCKING HMMM I really hope you're a shill. Fucking faggot, making me type in caps. I am legitimately upset.
Fear nothing more than the rage of a peaceful man
Absolutely not. The niggers are unmotivated and stupid. Any negro uprising leading to armed conflict wouldn't last a week. It will never get to that point, though, because the political niggers (Nasheed, Sharpton, etc.) know that they will never have it so good ever again once this gravy train ends.Throw a pre-wrapped blunt and a pair of beats in negro mailboxes and we won't hear a fucking peep from them for a while except on twitter. China is the immediate threat. They are impertinent, amoral, hellbent on killing us, and, frankly, a lesser species. They must die as a people, and soon they will.
I generally disagree with the United States government, but if we went to war against China I would volunteer in a heartbeat. God I hate chinks so much
t. retardgo eat a bat
Antifa, riots, all this insane neo-Marxist shit in universities (ideological replacement of "bourgeoises" with "white people), the media flipping their shit and being hysterical, the shills; all this is China you dumb, fat fucking faggot
Are you mentally retarded? China is horrible as fuck, and kikes are all fucking garbage yes
China better be a paper tiger cuntI swear to fucking God
Clever. Almost yiddish in the dryness. On a serious note (seeing that we're at war and all), do mind that Chinks are pussies that don't know how to fight. Be careful not to conflate the impressive accomplishments of the Slants and Dinks with China, whose military history is a comedy of errors. They have suffered ass-kicking after ass-kicking (Mongolian neighbors, not even once) since like the dawn of time. Don't attribute the valor of the Japanese and Vietnamese to these subhuman nobodies.Not even sorry for moralfagging. We are at war, and I will not give those shilling faggots the slightest bit of rope until it's time to hang them. Soon.Hey remember that time Japan fucked you guys up so bad we had to rescue you? Awesome. Thanks for repaying us by waging vicious economic and ideological warfare against us. Looking forward very much to the Chinese genocide, chang! I'll be sure to take pictures of your family's shallow grave. For the spank bank.What you have coming...it will make the Jap soldiers look like angels of mercy. We have hate in our heart for you, chang.
Checked. The likely Iranian anon I was talking to is proof. What the fuck are we doing there, bro. It's gross.
metric ignorantscm tallhahahahahahahaha thanks for the laugh bro
Diplomatic immunity. Gotta give them  hours or whatever to fuck off. If they don't abide, they are enemy combatants subject to a nice Gitmo vacation, at the very least.
Apparently the Houston consulate was making counterfeit voter ballots.inb sourceDon't have, my brother lives in Singapore and this is what he's hearing.
iranianCorrect.A lot of useless diaspora sandniggers getting uppity lol
. Our enemies are running the show, anon. Don't ever rejoice in our own subjugation in order to wage war. It's one thing to comment on what's happening, and it's another to approve of it. You know it's gay and retarded. We put ourselves here by electing bad leaders
Tell me more about our inferiority. If you're not too busy getting castrated by the feminist wizard cult running your country, tat is. How does a bunch of fucking with larpers go about conquering and reducing your people to the laughingstock of the civilized world? Impressive, really.Not in the fucking mood, Korea. Talk all your shit while you can. The white man is angry, and last time we were really angry, it ended in yellow people turning to fucking vapor.China dun goofed, and they are going to die. Keep in mind it'd be no problem to hit your place on the way home after we glass China.
I guess I sympathize with them. I want to be left alone, too. They're not here. They're in their own home. I guess I don't get it.
kek based
Don't attribute the valor of the Japanese and Vietnamese to these subhuman nobodiesGee, countries that killed thousands of Americans are somehow "good" while a country that was allied with the US both times. and is your largest trading partner is somehow "bad". Thanks for repaying us Pot, meet kettle? Looking forward very much to the Chinese genocideWe have hate in our heart for you, chang.Who the fuck pissed in your cornflakes, golem?
The best thing about them is that they don't know when to STFU and are all known.
 postsThis is literally the first time after all these years I am % sure a shill is posting. I genuinely hope they don’t kill your family for your failure. I’m serious
said the generations of incest and sheep fucking career petty criminals
chineee arru tarrr Fucking bugperson. Disgusting
I was a shitposter at one point, too. I guess I still am, I've just reached the final stage. Picrel.
Holy fuck. This post from a “Korean”China truly is the worst at everything. Lol. It’s hilarious. I’m capping this whole thread. Where’s the archive!
Retard detected. China has outplayed us for decades. Our overly conservative, pussy politicians have kept the status quo while they tapped into African labor pools with neo colonialism via predatory loans. Trump was necessary to shake things up but his team isn’t effective or competent enough to take advantage of the openings he created. Instead, they are creating openings and sacrificing hits. Hong Kong has been forcefully integrated into China without retaliation and Taiwan is shaking in their boots. We have denied China access to g tech but manufacture it all on a tiny island right next to them that they recognize as their territory. What could go wrong?
god I hate Afghans so much god I hate Iraqis so much whoops I created ISIS, millions of rapefugees in Yurope, and damaged America's soft power across the globeIt's always "blow shit up and consequences be damned"with you neocon fucks. It's like you never heard of the word diplomacy before. But then again you are doing the kike's bidding in the end so not like you know how to think for yourself.
USA responsible for refugeesfucking stupid
 posts just to bait and shill
I actually have come to respect many of the middle eastern races. China is evil beyond imagine
Based kikes shutting it down.
keksink all chinks
They created ISIS, no? Of course the EU's cucked politicians didn't help either but it's all the same leftist/globohomo Pandora's box anyway.
It's like nobody has heard the word "non-interventionist'. If someone comes for us, fine, let them pay the price that only we can make them. Until then... Why? I don't get it.
You have no idea I dont know who is competing in hubrisThe modern day chinese, Leftists, nigger race card players, its just a hustle fest
/HAPPENING/ POL IS ALWAYS RIGHT
I don’t give a fuck how right you guys are trump will NEVER be my president
still voting kanye

Subtle. Nice
Q is a psyop, grow up boomer
Fpwp
Guys don’t worry, the “alien invasion” is just my dick invading my ayyyy gf
Fuck off stormniggers
God is pissed. His wrath will come soon, followed by Jesus Christ <The unbelievers better repent now.
/pol/ is the collective unconscious of western civilization. We are the awaken ones, but the others are lulled into a sleep by the enemies of the west. Imagine where we would be if /pol/ never existed.
NIGGERS TONGUE MY ANUS.
fucking kek /pol/ wins
boomerKill yourself nigger.
Glory
Can one of all the fucking Q's and false prophets in this fucking shit colored world produce one significant arrest besides Epstein that is a high level democratic party member?
This is not a problem of who is president you fuckass.
He's got a nice dick
John McCain was executed.
how much you getting paid fag?
imagine living in a country where its citizens think the whole world revolves around their shitty rigged elections kekyears of american dream indoctrination made you amerimutts believe that the world will grind to a halt if the USA ever goes down... Can't wait for the chinks to rule the world.
Put me in there screenshot!
Blue beans is an international psyop anonCheck’d and blessed
Bitch I can't even find your shithole on googlemaps. Go back to fucking goats you dirty sandnigger.
It's gonna be another another nothingburger that /pol/ will memoryhole in  days
cope harder while a nigger tongues your sister
i'm the only one who tongues my sister faggot
so much chaos. so much cooming. and here I thought this timeline was going to end with a big snooze.
Bush Sr. as well, for JFK
At least she's not tonguing a goats asshole you dirty mudman.
i'm the only one who tongues my sister faggotkeep dreaming. it's you and at least  other niggers.
Kek got eeemmmm
I will never understand how a nigger infested country like yours got such a nice flag
if you're tonguing her, you're automatically tonguing other niggers' tongues
Fucking nailed it. I was telling people today the alien card was pulled out because covid failed. Problem is after the alien card what else is there? They have nothing left so the next distracting will be truly fucked up.
OYYYYYYYYYY VEEEEYYY! Definitely was Nazi Bush and collaborator Lynden "Bolshevik" Johnson working together and NOT THE JEWS! I REPEAT THE JEWS HAD NOTHING TO DO WITH JFK!
The whole thread in OP link is eerie.
we keep them in the south, in the desert where they belong.
Trump has been cockteasing the UFO meme for like  years shut the fuck up already
Yes, absolutely nothing to do with Dimona inspections or anything of the sort.
sounds like a good arrangement
of all words...


Check’d and based
HOW DO THESE GUYS KNOW
 more years nigger

I was under the impression JFK was a tag team effort involving CIA with Bush, Johnson, and Mossad. They all served the same (interests) anyways.
because it's all planned, nothing they can do to stop getting fucked up at this point
Got a source for me on that doc anon?
Bump for bluebeam awareness I guess.
You'd be correct. JFK made a lot of enemies in a very short span of time. They were practically tripping over one another for a chance at him.
i want to fight against evil at any cost
Welcome to the fight brother. The # thing we can do is better learn to identify shills and make threads about happeningsit's very demoralizing seeing a catalog filled with absolute shitup to us to be the change we want to see
This thread is meaningless, just like OP's existence.
it does. european kikes will be in the same shit as the american kikes are now once trump wins. usa has too big influence on the world. europeans will soon discover the deep state
Suck my dick, bitch. Then go fuck your mother. Non-Whites are also going to get chopped up, their women and children will be turned into bait.
Fucking kek it's for real.



Don't forget what the Bolsheviks did.  million Russians dead.https://www.bitchute.com/video/snPYDjKBEQ/Don't let this be you. Vote against the Democrats. Vote for Trump. Don't fall for retarded divide and conquer shills.
Who even says that bray
 LMFAOBlessed Gets
Thx for curating this, I just have the plain memo pic.Here gift pic.I was telling people today the alien card was pulled out because covid failedThat boi who said covid was about the pedoniggers was right in the end, imagine that !
That timeline is too dark to even think about.
Going to /pol/ made me realize there are a lot of crazy religious Westerners. It's like Islamic fanaticism but Christian.
Some are serious about it but others just meme it cause its /pol/. I stopped listening to what anyone has to say hear; just stopping by to make fun of mutts.
country renowned for being stupendously crazytrying to talk shit about a bunch of retarded mutts
In Asia no one really cared about religion. Politics is secular and about fixing the society. Not implementing some Buddhist creed on society. Even the thought itself is crazy
the white race is dying and everyone is screaming like pig to upcoming catastrofe
stupendously crazySays the country where people are dying because masks are "demonic" or something.How many more deaths has there been in America compared to Japan again? Americans are closed off from the world like North Korea except they shit their shitty opinions everywhere and make it stink.stfu fat (and in b another hive mind nuke joke)
I'm not religious but unfortunately Christians are my allies in the war against anti-white racists. I'd rather deal with USA being ran by the Pope than have another hometown ruined with niggers and spics.
America is in its current state because its leaders and people supplanted God woth their own gods of jewish creation and subversion.
Idk this is a meme site i think if you bring up any religion and put a funny enough pepe in it, you'll have  anons suddenly saying theyre Zoroastrian or something. I see gnosticism threads constantly (generally by people who skimmed the wiki page and posted the first document that came up on google). I bet if you LARPed as a Sikh right now you'd get plenty of people saying they are too
joinnoinoinoinhttps://skribbl.io/?dBwOyuDJjy
i dont think % fo westeners care about religion either its just larp
Bear in mind the scripture has been re-written and de-fanged for the larger walmart style churches/pol is like the graffitti in a religious school bathroom in a de-fanged christian church
The white race is dyingThe pure audacity of Whites. North America, South America and Oceania is stolen land settled by Europeans. Whites should be a small population in Europe but now they are everywhere.
What is wrong with religious zeal, Haruto?
Hating niggers and spicsNot very Christian
it's because of Americansthey are jew worshippers
Japanese pop culture slowly caused me to grow fond of d cunny and my  year old “imouto” Nip degeneracy rubbed off on me and I am now an irredeemable “human being” who is no longer aroused by real women.
Yep and like islamists, they are ignored just as much.
You guys actually had a religious cult release sarin gas into the subway. Bio-fucking-terrorism.
people supplanted God woth their own gods of jewish creation and subversionBut even Americas religious movement seem corrupt and coorportate
You just know that using these pepe is a fed post
Our religion requires practice because it's actually learning about something, not praying to a fucking tree you Jap
Misguided zeal with worse than being a secular Communist. Look at those retarded Muslims licking "holy" rocks and spreading covid
Theres the subversion part. Like  put it, walmart churches.
The pure audacity of Whites.Woops, your VPN is showing Schlomo.
They say there's been this many deaths but we are also the MOST propagandized country in the world so who knows and since you're our ally all your country hears is our secondhand propaganda. If it was as serious as they are pretending it is, the entire world would be doing many things differently. Over here all our MSM contradicts itself almost every day. Over here they were telling us millions of people would be dead by April EVEN IF we shut down. Now they're complaining about having a death toll that's a minute fraction of their previous best case scenario
Americans calling Japan degenerateLMAOI have studied in America. American women are very sluttyband trashy.
not fooling anyone and ngmi :^)
Glad you posted a Pepe that accurately represented your resting expression.
They are a few thousand people in Aum cult. In America a sizable part of the population thinks evolution is a satanic lie. Like % or something
China is one country with almost two billion people, India is one country with almost  billion people. EVERY European country combined with America added don't have as many people as a SINGLE COUNTRY
he doesn't believe that God gave his only begotten Son for us.
Being a devout Christian is about loving your enemy. Not going around screaming how masks is bad. I'm talking about the crazy Alex Jones fanatics
Probably more than that. Practically everyone who isn't a race realist doesn't understand or doesn't accept evolution.
That's definitely not true. I don't think i've met anyone in my entire life here that didn't take evolution as a given. I think you're just getting a lot of stereotypes of us over there (not that there aren't a million fucked up things about america)
Belief in God is not crazy. Crazy religious people are like Muslims terrorist or American conspiracy retards
Ok you're right EVERYONE believes in evolution in general, but a very tiny sliver believes it applies to humans. But thats just a symptom of trickery and not necessarily a belief that need be inherent
Of course belief in God is not crazy. It's more crazy to not believe in God and to think that you started from a molecule in a puddle of water.
I've studied many world religions, read their texts to try and understand the mindsets of different humans throughout time, i think out of all of them the two that have seemed the sanest where Sikhs and gnostic hermetecism. The sikhs believe in god more as a all encompassing force of nature that is unknowable and therefore pointless to really think or talk about
tftpIf anything evolution is a demonstration of God's power. A million years is like a day to Him
Right before he was crucified he also said NOW GO GET A FUCKING SWORD. The masks thing is something Christians are latching onto because they want to be a part of politics. Right now in America you have niggers and people trying to get away from niggers, by the way Trump actually decided behind the scenes how this propaganda would play out. I saw it happen, I remember when they first revealed that democrats were promoting staying at home I thought there was no way niggers would do this, it must be a tactic put out there to try and keep them in. Look what it did; riots.Christ really wasn't saying you should just love your enemy for no reason, he always told people to repent. He even says in the line about forgiving a brother that IF HE COMES AND ASKS for forgiveness to forgive him seventy times seven times. People always want to put forth some little piece of information from him and not look into the whole picture, the whole picture being trying to make God happy and not sucking cock from a fornicating nation
That dog is getting raped!
Epstein Anti-Semitic Claims
https://www.newsmax.com/newsfront/dna-mega-mossad-netflix////id//"They are 'Jewish supremacists'" and they are "all connected" through a mysterious organization called MEGA, which is run by Leslie Wexner who is "the head of the snake."Farmer claimed to have evidence that the Israeli Mossad hired Jeffrey Epstein to video tape prominent American political leaders committing acts of pedophilia so that Israel could blackmail them into doing their bidding, and that the entire conspiracy was under the protection and direction of "The Rothschild’s."These anti-Semitic canards sound like they could have come directly from "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion" and other classic anti-Semitic forgeries and screeds, but all of this and more come from the bigoted brain and malicious mouth of Maria Farmer.There is more, much more, of the same in the two hours of conspiratorial ranting that can be heard in the interview, which is being widely praised and circulated by white supremacist and anti-Semitic groups and individuals.
DershowitzAka Donald trumps lawyer
going for an early morning pint, get something going over this lads. There's a load of grime niggers visiting the board this morning from Wileys massive jew tirade yesterday, they will take your pills.
Farmer claimed to have evidence that the Israeli Mossad hired Jeffrey Epstein to video tape prominent American political leaders committing acts of pedophilia so that Israel could blackmail them into doing their bidding, and that the entire conspiracy was under the protection and direction of "The Rothschild’s."
last bump, taxi's here, don't let it slide
It's not all jews but there is an element to all of this that can not be denied. There is no way to win. Anything you do to them in public will be spun as just anti-semitic.
Half of it is her reporting directly what Maxwell/Epstein said - "they think Jewish DNA is better" "These people truly believe they are chosen" etc.Then the other half is her talking about how dealing with these people made her have anti-semitic feelings, and that she had to fight that. She talks about having Jewish boyfriends and knowing other Jewish people who are perfectly decent, and needing to remember that she was just unlucky to have run into the ones that run the world economy. If you listen to the whole interview she comes across as quite believable and sympathetic, and her statements about Jews are either about the things that she heard them say, or the feelings that he had to deal with after being exposed to these people.
And? At least over here nobody gives a flying fuck about it. Kikes are known to be scheming and untrustworthy. Who cares how they "feel" about something? :)
Assuming you are religious. Who do you see in hell right now? I imagine all the non believers and politicians in the lake of fire. This is why we must fear god.
