Welcome to /pol/ - Politically Incorrect
Check the catalog before posting a new thread!
Reply to existing threads about a topic instead of starting a new one. New users who do not abide by this principle will be temporarily blocked from creating threads. Mods will delete obvious duplicate threads and spam without notice. Don't bitch because your twitter screencap thread got deleted; there are probably other threads about it. Go look!
What is your opinion on Russia and Russians?
State-sponsored russkies ruined this board.
it is run by jew Putin like USA
Yeah, totally not the MIGApede boomer migrants from r/The_Donald. It’s the totally the russians. It’s the Chinese as well. It’s anyone that isn’t jewish or a shabbos goy. Fuck off, faggot.
Subhuman Mongoloids. Hitler was right.
This. Russia has the most muslims out of any country in Europe if you can even consider Russians as European to begin with.
Nice reply, comrade. Very cool, very American.
Seem okay. Would be cool to get them and the rest of the European world together to check China, keep shits in line, and start a third Concert of Europe, but it will probably have to wait until their demographic winter puts the brakes on their own imperial ambitions.
Mongol rape babies, some have more German blood but the average penis size is pathetic. Which basically tells you what true aryans there are are few and far between.
Not what my government tells me it should be.
They hacked the  election and got this Orange man into office.Thank you dicktator Poutin!
no one cares about my opinion but Russia objectively is based as fuckeroo
This. I’m a Russian bot. Ignore jews though. Fucking kike.
soulless drug addicts. empty, dead inside, devoid of any humor. generally shitty to be around, at least the immigrants are
good ppl and bad ppl just like within every demographic group
/ russians are good/ ukrainians are good/ germans are good/ swedes are good
At the nation creation screen the player maxed out all points into beautiful women and neglected everything else.
Most russians are fine, their govt is sketchy.
I like Russians, I just talk shit about them because I can perceive their shilling and when your guy gets put into the boards you smash one of theirs. I'd like Putin a lot if his people actually pushed helpful shit more often but they always just worry about causing shit or strengthening the agenda for the very rich that they utilize/piggyback upon. Geopolitically, I'm not necessarily against them in all of their contentions. Like the fallout from the decision to put missiles on their borders. That clearly was a bunch of bullshit, and if it genuinely is just to protect against terrorists then Russia's request to assist was perfectly reasonable and necessary. That was a huge mistake that has caused and will cause a lot of problems.But I am deeply against the Ukraine situation, not the motivations, maybe that place actually is full of ethnic Russians who want to go back to the country that they were a part of before that area was given away...My problem with it is how it was handled. Russian should have found a way to buy it. Instead they use violence against a nation that had disarmed its nuclear weapon capability in good faith.I believe it's a major mistake to set such a precedence, reducing nuclear weapon potential is always more desirable then proliferation or retention and now everybody else knows for sure that doing so may come at the cost of sovereignty.
it is said that eastern europeans can hear this image
After watching Chernobyl on HBO I learned a lot. I know a lot of you are going to go "oh my god amerimutt education!. That was Ukraine!," but you're all the same former bloc of vodka swilling, AK firing commie dinks. You've gotten your vengeance for the years of humiliation by stoking our racial differences, but KANYE AND MUSK WILL RISE TO NEW HEIGHTS!
dont know any. Have no opinion. Long as they mind their business and leave us alone theyre alrght
Garbage men hot babes. They only larp as jews we let them in for slavic pussy.
Mixed mongrel subhumans (not that america is any better)
the last white empireand yes white muslims are included in the empire
my opinion on russia is that Australia should really crack down on unregistered Proxy servers in their country
https://twitter.com/nature_and_race/status/?s=White americans are far worse. Atleast Russians have self respect.
After watching Chernobyl on HBO I learned a lot.HBOBased mutt education.
So did white Americans until your tribe ruined them.
they're based for not tolerating faggots and they have a cool national anthem + cute broads
would bang
If white people are so dumb that they don't know what's good for them and they need the jewish media to tell them, they deserve what they get.
Russia is your last hope in future race war
Why’d you post a Turkish prostitute? It’s literally mocha brown too. What the fuck.
You guys don't even have the GDP of Italy.
. you're on /pol/ so u're probably ashkenazi that means white. they also control u
Your own government b&ed and v&ed any actual ethnic nationalists years ago and you’re posting anime. You aren’t helping anyone else in a race war, you half chink, half churka.
Krokodil injecting aids positive alcoholic mail order bride shithole who should be the last people lecturing others on degeneracy.
Chink eyed mongol muttslast hopeIt’s over
Based tartar milker poster
sounds pretty darn cute if you ask me!
I think that's just how some of them look honestly, who knows what the steppes dragged in over the years. I'm down with actual turks too pic related
Last time when Italy helped fight with communist they freezes to death at south of Russia, couldn’t even bring warm clothes
Love em both. Great literature, music and art in general, some of my fav writers are Russians.
At least we don’t lick nigger’s boots
Portland/Murder Hole Stream #7
first, nigger
FIRST
JUST SEND IN THE DAMN TANKS ALREADY!!!
Not using Sneed for the OP imageBeyond cringe
These idiots are never going to break the fence are they
It's gonna be a hot time in the old town tonight
FUCKLEAVE ME ALONE CAPTCHA
embarrassing
Is it not illegal to throw fireworks at them? Feels like the feds have been ordered to do less
the murdercage demands a sacrifice
This is so fucked up. how the fuck do you lose all of your limbs?
presslol
SOON
Literally zzzzzz
JONDOE OG IS ON THE SCENE WITH THE BEST STREAM ON YOUTUBE, AND THE BEST COVERAGE OF AMERICAN PROTESTS Khttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oD-OpIeKnQ
Make sure to include the pic of Antifa top dog caught on video tonight.
rolling for tear gas skull explosion later
Throwing flares. Not sure who brought them or if they're just tossing them back.
Sauce?
You fucking fascists and fascist apologists are disgustingLook at all you bootlickers lining up to defend Trump's stormtroopers as they literally invade a US cityAll you hypocrites would have screamed muh tread-on-me if Obama had done the same thing when you racist white militias seized a federal building. No then it was totally all "the militias are the good guys, defending their rights"Now look at you authoritarian fucksticksPraising your little dictator as he tries to end democracyYou won't stand with peaceful protestersYou won't stand for the first amendment
MAGIC FENCE!!! IT'S A MAGIC FENCE!!!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FdncCwfgGEhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srdcEicyjBMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fujBNTvc
nigger he's in the op already stop spamming this
based gucci poster
CheckedSneed ftw
they're pussiesthey aren't even trying to
murder tanks are a possibility?
literally invadeStopped reading
I don't think it's escalating any more than this anons. Antifa was officially BTFO'd by a fucking fence.
You gotta be hot shit to know the answer



God damn it faggot. Stop hyping your own shit. They already added you to the thread links. Take your attention whoring ass over to a glory hole and suck nigger dick while having them tongue your anus.
And the rocket's red glare....
Depends
Are you hot shit?
frankly, im still voting trump
Boomer BrigadeKek
THIS.BASED
A MAGIC FENCE!
From the other night. Smashing out the windows after removing the protective plywood.
I'm aurprised he isnt namefagging himself too. Hes been a pirate meme flag. A fag meme flag. And now a hippie meme flag.
what a retard, you don't understand the definition of the words you are using, brainwashed nigger
If this is the best these marxist have got, I'm going to sleep more soundly at night.
Reminder: The BEST of the left would get rekt by the average right in the coming civil war.Up against the best of US, the left and their fed allies will bleed, cry, and suffer as their lives crush in out fists. And because we're quiet and roll with the flow, we have the BEST camo.These "riots" are whitepills.
Agreed there. Fucking bastards ruined my cozy riot viewing night. I deserve a refund, let's just round these bitches up already hey can't do shit.
Is this one of those meat socks?
A new challenger approaches
OH NO BROS THEY LOST TO A FENCE
Antifa was officially BTFO'd by a fucking fencethey are trying to provoke the feds dude. it's all about optics
They watch enough Harry Potter. Can't they use those valuable skills to get passed this menace?
yeah this night is pretty tame so far. Aint over yet tho, feds havent come out either.
The greatest part is six months to a year from now most of these kids are going to be rounded up for domestic terrorism, aggravated assault, arson etc, Feds probably have tons of cameras set up recording people and alot of these kids are going to have cases.
fucking racist piece of shit WALLS DON'T WORK
you're correct. the crowd is either standing there too afraid to move, or slowly dispersing. oh well
HONK HONK!
they might discover ladders tho
HONK HONK
Come on niggers do something, someone convert a leafblower into a flamethrower.
SAY HIS NAME!
Will one of those millennial faggots get bored by the lack of instant gratification and assault one of the feds by climbing over the fence?
*high-pitched millennial voice*"let's go home! let's go home!"Good idea, fagit. Back to your mom's basement and your PS.

The Commie fears The Greyman
wrong thread buddy
the fun starts at :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vD_amsSsgWhat is this sound I am hearing? Like a leaf blower or lawn mower.
feds havent come out either.will they come? are they supposed to come?
Your digits match her shirt digits, you tell me "anon"
dubya would ask you to watch his drive
Checked, a fucking fence defeated these commie scumbags. This is a huge whitepill for us.
And what I mean is, we on the right are seeing out two enemies dish it out.One is a fucking joke, the other is so tightly bound to MUH PROTOCOL that it's essentially helpless.They are utterly waek and basically prey. Their families are prey.
A C A BALL CRIMINALS ARE BLACK
No they won’t. Feds put “muh white surpermacee” on equal domestic threat level as ISIS. None of these fucks are going to see any jail time.
 billion out of  billionEuropeans are <% of the world population, and you kikes are reducing that number.
This
You are a niggertranniefaggot
Bump
That's what I think, too. They keep screaming things like "I BET YOU WON'T DO IT" or whatever. I think they're baiting violence so CNN and NPR can whip their audience into a frenzy and cause more shit to happen
Cop doesn't even react to firework going off right behind him.
I hope so.Pic related is the security tank from Jak ,imagine dozens of trannies and antifa being squashed under the spike roller.
Feds using leafblowers backWhat is this timeline
The face you make when encountering this new enemy (fence) for the first time.
Let's not be too optimistic here, Africans still live in mud huts
THREADS WERE FUN BOYS BUT TIME TO PACK IT UP NOTHING IS GOING TO HAPPEN
Based
Checked and correct

When you're used to chaos, it doesn't phase you. They're trained for this type of shit exactly, and heavier.

Based as fuck. Only alpha males don't react to explosions going off behind them.
see the spanish civil war. the right will win, but it won't be quick or easy
LMFAAOAOOOOOO
Antifa fags literally can’t do anything right. They’re just sitting there screaming like little bitches afraid of getting shot by pepper balls. Hong Kong teenagers have more guts
Trust me they will
They only have so much ammunitionYeah, of gas and rubber bulelts, but I bet a much larger cache of real bullets. So stupid.
I have the WEIRDEST ERECTION right now.
wtf was that lol
It's Feds Go Home
spain in  wasn't the same as america today. better start learning mandarin, that is who the true victor will be.
She was "disarmed"
These nigger cattle aren't doing their jobs well.
Can any glowniggers confirm?
imagine being an even lower tier than actual dog-eaters?
Trump should just wall of the entire portland area and abandon it altogether,i mean it's obvious that the leftists are powerless against fences
AllCommunistsAreBastards
Cool guys don't look at explosions. They turn their back and they stand in place.
mortar firework. it got thrown by hand and then the propellant charge ignited
REEEEEEEEEE!!!!! NOT SUPPORTING THE RAIDERS MEANS YOU SUPPORT THE ENCLAVE. REEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!! DO you autistic antifags realize that thayt politics dont have to be binary or do you only apply that logic to genderstudies.
Significantly more fireworks tonight.
Threads are already dying.Yikes
Well fence is super effective.
they brought an angle grinder to the riots and somehow failed to bring down the fence lol wtf man
she's basically a self-lubing, noise-making fleshlite.
"FEDS GO HOME, FEDS GO HOME"Make them, faggots.
CORL! KILL THEM JOGGERS BEFORE THEY TEAR THE FENCE DOWN!
The jew hates the federal leaf blower
Plate  seems appropriate.
where are the proud boys
th of July came late this year
tunnel rescuee
I envy your non black pilled status. I used to be like you. I like feds, but their leadership is completely and totally fucked, as is our judicial system in general. I hope you can tell me one day “lol told you so, doomer faggot.”
Ok memeflag faggot who shills his joeblow stream in everythread. Neck yourself.
no one tell them that hacksaws don't need batteries.Then again, their faggot wrists don't have the strength to use a hacksaw
thats why you wear your eyes and ears, guys
In jail.
BUMPCAN'T LET THE STAND IN PLACE MARXIST (((RIOT))) THREAD DIE
Can someone explain what the whole Portland thing is about? I’ve been off /pol/ for a week.
Larping somewhere.
all communists are buriedsoon
Antifa knows nothing about psychological warfare. The feds are literally trained for this. No amount of REEEEEEing is going to provoke them. They need to bring water guns or something
more like proud goysMost of them are in jail for fistfights with Antifa. They are not a serious right-wing militant group. I hope you know that. It's how the media portrayed them
tfw you realize they tried cutting through the solid metal beam instead of the fence linking
Hey feds and possible trump campaign staff lurking in the thread.You know how popular live PD was?Well, why not do a similar thing with these feds at the courthouse?Strap a bodycam/helmet cam on them and stream on a couple minutes delay to avoid any excess violence/possible legal reasons, and stream it on the internet or let some none non-compromised tv network run it for possible extra revenue.It would be twofold. First, it would show what really happens at these 'protests' from the perspective of the federal agents, who are just getting constantly shit on in the media, while in reality they are being very disciplined on how they respond to being attacked. This would change the public's perception of what is happening there by letting them make up their mind for themselves. Second, it would embolden the conservatives and sway the moderates who don't want to say anything bad about BLM and are still on the fence/still asleep to the false narrative that is being set about these 'protests'.These rioters know that this whole thing is an optics game, might as well take that power from them by showing what is really going on. If they lose public support, you will be more likely to go after the heads and funding for these protests, while also being able to use more ways of force to disperse them.
I hope they bring a better grinder tomorrow, kinda disappointing. I get that this is all about optics, but I don't think half the idiots in the crowd realize that this is just a photo shoot.He doesn't realize that changing your flag doesn't change your ID.
YOU'LL ALL BE IN THE LINE FOR THE GULAG WHEN WE DESTROY CAPITALISM!WHY AREN'T YOU PROTECTING US WHILE WE DESTROY CAPITALISM!?
Even just ropes would doIt isnt like there's a shortage of retards their to help pull
Been watching the past few days, watched the early ones My opinion is they’re starting to panic the fed is being effective No one believes the MSM lies anymore since it’s been almost  days and the streams and pictures all show how fucked the courthouse exterior is The fed setup a fence as a solid barrier and are being pretty effective that it’s the line of engagement They either escalate or die off soon
It's funny that antifa still sees them as a boogey man when they basically don't even exist anymore.
APES ARE THROWING POOAPES ARE THROWING POOAPES ARE THROWING POOAPES ARE THROWING POOAPES ARE THROWING POOAPES ARE THROWING POOAPES ARE THROWING POOAPES ARE THROWING POOAPES ARE THROWING POO
BRACE YOURSELF WE GET TO SEE THE REVOLUTION ANY HOUR NOW
Trump's stormtroopersThe dumbest people on the planet are the leftist millennials.
It's like the Feds are playing dodge ball against the retards. They take pity and let a hit through one in a while.
it's in the op
Literally hitler
like the KKK and the NRA?
No it's worse, instead of cutting the links between the fences, they started grinding the mesh
they don't want a fight- they know they'll lose. but they don't want to look like they didn't try.
Look at that crowd nigger shits not even close to over.
Your optics are worthless when its being live streamed you fool, everyone can see you acting like niggers
Cops will strikeThe pretend anarchists will run like cowardsLivestreams and (((riots))) will endYet another LARP riot thread bites the dustlulz
We're coming alt-righters!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yy-SiZSlmhI
Learn to swim, Chang.
kek according the Ronny these aren't even commies. I've yet to meet a single commie that has read Kapital. They may quote it. They may have read the Manifesto, but none of them read the magnum opus of their ideology. All they know is white man bad, gimme free shit
placing thirty guys in one building to protect it from violent anarchists is an invasionour enemies everyone. they are literally retarded
Good Idea. Even just a single site streaming it
You should all forget you saw this and whomever filmed it should \_____
These niggers are going to be super sad in a few months, this federal building is basically surrounded by HD cameras for multiple blocks
Pretty much. I mean they're still using Nazis ffs as boogeymen.
Most people aren't watching the livestreams though, most people will get the media's representation.
You can see how strong those green lasers are when they pass through the smoke.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krELtayZmg
do you think well see this court house permanently fortified like police stations in Northern Ireland
He's mad he's been looking at people standing for hours
IF THIS TURNS INTO CIVIL WAR LIKE UKRAINE, WHERE WILL AMERICA'S DONETSK AIRPORT BE???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Remember Mick, they can't logic because logic equals white power.BLM officially said so.

The true reason for these riotsCops badCops anti crimetherefor we must commit crime to protest cops
Lol at your silly little existence
the entire scene is fake and gay. Stop giving it attention.Glowniggers outnumber protesters.Lighting on the courthouse, with words and stuff, is being sent from the building on the other side of the park- a CITY OF PORTLAND BUILDING.reddit spaced for emphasisTHIS WHOLE SCENE IS A GLOWNIGGER OPERAtION
Tonight is really different anons. These faggots have received instructions to up their game this weekend clearly. They are going to go all in, since clearly they boomers are starting to get redpilled from online clips and no longer trust the media. In their warmup speaches before the chimpouts the organizers are calling people to be more active and participate in riots instead of posting on facebook, they are clearly losing the normie support and they can feel it. They are hoping to provoke the feds into harsh crackdowns so they can take their photos. They are afraid and they are going all in.
KKK is a honeypot and the NRA is a lobbying group that sells american's rights piecemeal what the fuck are you talking about
pretty sure i just saw trumpet thor from chaz on rosa's stream
Wow they finally use the fucking tactic HK protestors used literally months ago regarding tear gas canisters.GOOD FUCKING JOB.
the madmans dual wielding
They need to be focusing on finding those, they’re a real threat
Fuck, if this was a higher resolution it would be my wallpaper.
No. The true reason is a Marxist coup. This is Weather Underground. They are funded by NGOs (like Soros) and formerly American-owned major corporations that are now owned by China. This is divide and conquer.
These cops will be arresting whites under biden after the election.They are paycheck loyal only
thus proving my point that they are defunct, irrelevant organizations. I know that autismo, but lefties scream daily about those orgs as if anyone gives a shit about them
what did they do I missed it ?
It's an attempted communist revolution big guy, that's the true reason for these riots.
god I hate those faggots with the lasers so much guyswhat a fucking coward you'd have to be to even consider doing that shit
go protest kate brown in salem and you'd gain more support
Take meds.
Lighting on the courthouse, with words and stuff, is being sent from the building on the other side of the park- a CITY OF PORTLAND BUILDING.Source? That's really interesting if so.
looks like a fun party
assault bubbles and silly string
Nah, it’s just Friday and things always escalate more Friday’s
BUBBLES OUTBUBBLES OUTBUBBLES OUTBUBBLES OUT
THE RIOTS AREN"T REALNOTHING IS REALWAKE UP SHEEPLETake your meds.
Feds throw a smoke canister, they put a cone over it, pour water at the top of the cone to cool it down/neutralize, then throw it over.
He's right
Regulations on lasers coming soon, I'm sure.
Isn’t there a house fire you’re missing?
NO, THOSE ARE REVOLUTION LASERS BRO
Are strobe lights aesthetic/kino? Yeah or nay?

I left for about fifteen minutes and now all the protesters are gone? WHat happened?
About :: ago what was that green light? Are the feds using this to point out instigators or what?
DUAL WIELDING LEAFBLOWERS
ALSO, to any other lolbergs/former lolbergs/outlaws here.REMEMBER, the feds are not your friends.I HATE commies and I hate feds. When the commies finally take over the government and start controlling the Feds openly, remember this fact.And remember. They have wives and children.
Gas went out. They just backed up a bit

Shoot the leafblower.
looks like the grinder worked at least somewhat
Battle of the leaf(blowers)
The feds should follow up the gas grenades with flashbangs so anyone trying to throw it back gets burned
I got one on my ar and my glock. They're pretty gnarly in cqc. You can't see past the light at all.
This has become my morning matinee. Keep it going.
take your meds psycho
THEY ARE REGROUPING LAD THEY NEED A PLAN TO DEAL WITH THAT (((FENCE)))
We should have been saving the streams since day one, it's not too late to start.At least one anon should.
This is why I say police need a new type of weapon to deal with lasersI say sniper tasers
all of their fucking tactics are copied from hk, they just are not nearly as good at it
kek
it's time
HeebsGaming
the feds should start using industrial fans
Why does murdoch chan have huge knockers?
Any car that can drive through there is straight up antifa/BLM. Baring of course the vehicle of peace and justice.
Yes. They are tagging them with lasers so they can be arrested later on.
Literally go to the local Walmart and pick up two car jacks. It's not like it's grounded.
they already have weapons to deal with it
that fence is coming down
LOOK AT ALL THIS LEAF BLOWER, LASER, FENCE ACTION IT WAS WORTH IT STARING AT PEOPLE STANDING FOR HOURS
rolling for firm stomping of niggerfaggotcommies
Would a Trump loss mean the end of MAGA?

He will win
No, America has hit MAGA criticality and MAGA is now self sustaining thanks to new moderators.May god be with us all!
Literally shaking
/ptg/ PRESIDENT TRUMP GENERAL - AMERICAN FASCISM EDITION
MAGA!
bresident drumpf
Are gentrifiers redpilled or not?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wBhWXSuc
Monica has bants.
Make white babies!
MAGA votes on ballot questions & Senate primariesAlways vote Republican!Aug. :MO A: NOKS: KobachAZ: McCarthy Aug. : TN: Hagerty Aug. : MN: LewisAug. : WY: Lummis Sep. : MA: AyyaduraiSep. : NH: MessnerSep. : DE: WitzkeNov. :AL: Jud.R.: No; New Const.: No; Citizenship req.: YES; Jud. Vac.: noAK: Electoral reform: no; Tax Incs.: NoAR: Optometry: Yes; TermLimits: Yes; Referenda: Yes; TP sales tax: NoCA: Crime sentencing: YES; Property tax refs.: No; Abolish bail: NO; Rent control: NO; App-based Drivers: No (Fuck SV); Dialysis: No; Stem Cell R.: NO; CCPA: No; Repeal : NO; Parolee&YO voting: NOCO: W Abortion Ban: YES; Citizen Req.: YES; Gray wolves: No; NPVIC: No; Bingo&Raffles: Yes; tax incs.: NoFL: YES, NO, NO, yes, Yes, YesGA: Rev. Ded.: Yes; Dec. Rel.: No; CollinsID: NE/yesIL: NOIA: NOKY: Marsy's law: YES; Offices: NE/noLA: No Right to Abortion: YES; Disaster Budget Stabilization: Yes; Payment in lieu of taxes: YES; Oil/gas in property value: Yes; Change spending limit: NO; Homestead Exemption: YES; UCP Trust Fund: Yes; Sports betting: No; MurphyMA: NOMD: All NoMI: Park Funds: Yes; Data warrants: NoMS: I/AA: NO/A; flag: NO; EV: NoMO: A: NE/no; A: YESMT: LR-: YES; C-/: NE/noNE: End Slavery: NO; TIF: YESNV: ALL NONJ: Weed: NO; Vet. Ded.: YESNM: NO, YES, NO, NO, NONY: NOND: YesOK : YesOR: ALL NO; also: http://stoptheabuse-recallkatebrown.org/RI: NOSD: NO UT: Mun. Water: Yes; Legis. Qual.: No; End Slavery as Punishment: NO; Gender-Neutral Lang.: NO; Legis. start date: No; Right to hunt: YES; Kid welfare: NOVA: Redr. Com.: Yes; Vet. Tax Ex.: YESWA: : NO; FMLIALTCSSTA: YesPR Statehood: NO/boycottThis is how the Left thinks MAGA girls look!

Nick too
Remember that time a BLM protestor shot  cops and killed  in Dallas?I do, that pillar flank was tight
as far as viruses go we probably got lucky.......it could have been something really bad
Youtube comments on Fauci's pitch surprisingly based?"He pitches like he gives advice"
look at list of NYT corrections% of them are derogatory articles about Trump where they claim something ridiculous was said or happened which later turned out to be falsereally makes you think
LIBERALS GO TO PRISONAY YO WHITE BOY GIVE ME YO LUNCHRACISM DEVELOPSTOP KEK TRULY D CHESS
awoo!
FEDS VS REDSNIGHTLY PORTLAND RIOT STREAMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idtxSdUfk
Surprised bubba bill didn’t have her killed.
 that pillar flank was tightIt really was.
link?
but he wrote it like he had experience with cleaning furry butt plugs...
Could Hillary have a chance to win if she joined the Republicans like Trump did in ?
american fascismbunch of LARPers dressed up like theyre in afghanilandBros what the fuck, our fascism is not kino at all, why cant we bring back that s-s aesthetic?Someone call Hugo Boss.
there are intergalactic space pirates right now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VvFDufpVkDIquite a few youtube videos on it though, tonnes of dislikes
I remember Dubya at their funeral, deciding that was an appropriate place to bust some moves.He must have gotten into the Rebel Yell.Laura looks like she could smack him, he even managed to embarrass Democrats.
they’re going to be rape toys or forced to join the Aryan Brotherhood
fashion police
Why do reddit commenters type like such massive faggots?
we always could have got something that does strange shit to your sexual organshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-meinjnNw
commies got too real for him
You have  seconds to decide which cool thing disappearsouter spacepirates (peg leg not somali)dinosaurs
Give me some white pills /ptg/. Are we going to be able to save this fucking country?
intergalacticIntergalactic travel by sentient beings might never happen in this universe.We were born in one of the universes with the shitty physical laws.
I like how the military is feature prominently in all of these movies, and they're always rocking service uniforms. Yet if you took a look at any admin or HQ office nowadays they're all in cammies like they're going on fucking patrol in half an hour.Standards haven't just dropped with respect hats.
This is all pretty obvious stuff. Biden has record low enthusiasm
Mitt's a slimeball, not a total retard
Pirates had dinosaurs on their shoulders and used stellar navigation so you can't eliminate any of them.
not enough bullying during high school
because they're all just saying things they think other people want them to say so they'll get karmait's an extremely exploitable system that's basically babby's first consensus crack, relies almost entirely on first looks
the minorities dont voteBased frankenmormon
your bleached buttocks appeal to them as much as the slightly red tush of the Red man did to the Brits back in the French and Indian wars back in the day (lots of buggery according to contemparary sources)
Trump is very likely to win re-election despite all the demoralization shilling. Especially with Biden's latest suburb diversity/replacement plan, and Romney conceding Trump will win.
What is the drop in Black turnout for elections if it's is incumbent?
I'm % sure this is your gal.https://www.linkedin.com/in/hailey-holden-Associate Degree in Women's Studies BA in women's studiesAnd what does such an exquisite academic record land you career wise?Banquet server  - t+d from whenever someone gives Widmer Bro's a friendly phone call informing them of her current whereaboutsCatering captain (wtf?) - Abortion promoter-DIAGNOSIS: MANY SUCH CASES, SAD
Gib Antikythera mechanism
what's he gonna do with that knife?
and this
Don't feed the people that hate you.https://twitter.com/RageGoldenEagle/status/?s=
Its just lame.I wish cops still rocked the solid grey BDUs, makes them look much more professional, rather than looking like a bunch of airsoft kiddies playing Fallujah.
RIOTERS ARE USING AN ANGLE GRINDER TO CUT THROUGH THE FENCE

Those accounts are suspended btwhttps://www.reddit.com/user/jamisbikehttps://www.reddit.com/user/refugeemyarse
I think he'll win too. I guess it's the unsure future of this country that tears away at me everyday. Trump could go  on us or we could just go silently into the night like brazil and south africa did. I feel powerless because other than wait to vote i can't do much to help save this country right now
checked
Space travel is going to suck if we can't go significantly faster than light through some repeatable means.
? Mudshark looks at least 
is that you clickspring?
everything I touched between february  and august  is b&twatter, leddit, goybook, and jewtubesorry
if all you can do is work on yourself, do that. after that, work on helping other people locally. nationally there's nothing you can do so don't worry about that. only you, your family, and your community matter.
Fuck that spacetime bullshit we'll mold ourselves to bend those laws or break them. It took five hundred years to learn how to fly. Give us  years and a galaxy to figure this stuff out with a lifespan of one thousand years.Give them about an hour of cutting and they may get through. Reminds me of a picture of an earlier ruit with a dumbass trying to cut a metal pole with a chainsaw.
A spaceship that can accelerate at g for years on end could easily go intergalactic. It's just the time dilation would be an absolute nigger so it'd be a one way trip.
The wall does not forgive and it does not forget.

everythings so far apart, it's like bullshit. but what did people think before massive sailing ships were invented. now it's like, that was nothing
Beavers are frens :(
Nah they are being killed because they are nutria in disguise.Also awoo.
trying to cut a metal pole with a chainsaw.
The first sailboats were on rivers. The first man to sail the seas was just a crazy motherfucker who decided to sail off to the horizon on open water with existing technology to see what was there. Space has the opposite problem. We can see most of what's there, but don't have a proper ship yet. There are some fringe physicists working on FTL stuff but obviously none have succeeded yet.
Is Trump going to do anything to get my vote before November?
Posting new favorite AwooI also hate how aliens are often humanoid. Like last night's was a floating fucking brain. That's awesome.
That's a rode-hard-and-hung-up-wet , by gum.
The officers don't look pleased about it.
cut immigration in half?
Again?
The real fascist is that fat, single, childless, almost middle-aged unfuckable cunt...The guy is just a store brand grunt doing his job, nothing unconstitutional or "fascist" about it...
and, "maybe" one day they will be of course you would do it like that. what took them so long.
Seriously reverse image that pic, it's one of your prestigious museums, that artist, your nations pride, is beyond fucked up
Why did women replace the affection of men (except / looking men, but only for sex) with dogs?
I liked the robot.
NIGHT OF THE LONG MINIVAN
are they really trying to get sympathy for the rioters?
you just KNOW
Because white girls fuck dogs.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qajxTlTUA
yes, that's been their playwhy they're doing the "wall of moms" and all that other bullshitreally lazy theatrics
OH SHIT YOU DID IT, FUCKING BASED AND SAVED
I was being sarcastic boomeranon, I know this isnt American Fascism lol.fat ugly retarded SJW cunts are fascistsNo, they are actually Leninists.
Social media
This has always been a thing.
What's Romney's deal?trying to outjew the yids?
Do you ever cry because you’re not British?
nah, most of them aren't even aware their queen is a usurper
Dinosaurs already disappeared.
Think about it moids: why should ANY foid worth her salt choose a pathetic weak m*Le over a strong GVLDEN RETRIEVER? The GVLDEN RETRIEVER doesn't worry about silly things like "red flags" and "children" and "boob size" and "weight"; They see a tight, wet opening, they stick their dick in it, it feels good so they keep on going. They pound into your girlfriend with such force she is moaning, begging for more doggy cock. She is damn near pissing herself, but the GVLDEN RETRIEVER doesn't stop. His knot swells. Your girlfriend, mind blanked by orgasmic bliss, is bound to the GOLDEN BVLL for up to an hour while his Chad knot shrinks down, and her vaginal muscles milk every drop of GVLDEN RETRIEVER spunk. She will never look at you the same way again. Sex doesn't feel the same. She is "tired" most nights, yet you can hear the whimpering and moans from the bathroom when she takes Sparky in the bathroom to "take a shit with company". She tells you to go in the other room and "jerk it or something". You are ashamed. You are weak. You are crushed. But she will never love you again. Sparky plays with his chew toy.Her stomach is swelling. That is strange, you think, as you two haven't had sex in about  months and you had just gotten a vasectomy, per r/childfree advice. She tells you it's hormones, but you see the worry in her eyes, the fear lying behind her nonchalant expression. Fucking Sparky, looks up at you and almost smiles. The fucking MUTT, having the nerve to smile at you. In a time like this? Why are you so fucking angry at this dog? What did he do? more months has passed. The "bump" on her stomach is huge now. You worry it may be a freak-case tumor or something of the like, but you now are pretty sure she cheated on you at some point. With who? When? But most importantly, why? Sparky looks at you again, but this time, his face is blank. He shits on the floor.
It is now obvious she's in labor. She decided against going to the hospital, for reasons you were unsure of. Probably read a Reddit post on tub births or something. In any case, she is in pain, and you are doing as much as you can to help her birth the baby, even though you just know it isn't yours. That's okay though. When you find out who the father is you will kill them. How could he do this to your girlfriend? Why did she let him? Where is he? What is his race? Is his cock bigger tha-The baby is born. Or, rather,  babies are born? They are... furry. And yellow. And their ears are quite large. Holy shit. The fucking dog. Sparky. They look just like him! Except, they have human characteristics. They are grotesque to look at, you are sick to your stomach. You want to scream, to cry, to beg her to kill them, but she doesn't. She isn't doing much of anything actually. Just staring at them, with cold, dead eyes. She holds two up to her swollen breasts. They suckle, and whimper. They are alive. Sparky shits on the floor.
The standard /pol/ answer is correctJuden, always der judenhave a career they saidYou're empowered they saidyou don't need no man they saidoh shit I'm  she said
But at least they beat Coronavirus.
https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/-the-forgotten-revolution
Only space is cool.

Hahaha, yeah, lol. I did it yesterday, I think. Glad you saw it :)
I don't really get this. I know it's holocaust related but I don't really get the cookie connection.
cookies come out of the oven
Why do people pretend that women aren't always subversive whores by nature?

I've ended up thinking the whole dyson sphere type super technological digitization type stuff is what we will end up with. Infinity in the virtual world where computing speeds can make hundreds of years go by in moments or slow everything down for efficiency to minimize heat.
Please don’t give ecelebs attention, thank you.
https://www.promiseskept.com/ annual GDP growth was .%In the first quarter of  GDP growth was .% first quarter annual GDP decline was -.% #winning
This , and that it is impossible to bake X number of cookies in Z ovens.
It was just funny!
Because of + years with a woman who isn't that.And a mother/grandmothers the same. Sorry you don't qualify to meet/mate a woman like that, but that's what happens when your mom conceived you in an alley behind the rave club there with the other dumpsters.
The real red pill is that is already what has happened, that’s why some have memories of past lives. It’s a glitch in the system.
they ran having a legacy into the ground until barr said he really didn't give a fuck. thought they would never shut the fuck up.
You lucked outThe men in your family know how to handle their whores, most don't
It's a battle
Its Caturday, post cats!Good fortune and cute catgirls come your way, but only if you reply with 'Oh lawd, he dummin'!'

LOL I'm one of the older bastards on /pol/ and I learned that in the 's inb boomer, yeah ' and the 's were awesome compared to now. Muscle cars hot chicks (your grannie was hot back then) gas at  cents a gallon, no AIDS (well, it started then but only for fags) best music (fuck disco) oh oh I'm sundowning again
(Is earth such a spaceship?)
Kekd n checked.
If you throw fireworks at a federal building, is that felony attempted arson?
Pedo boomer is back
After they went right at pm, following comms with whistles, 'go to the Court house, storm it, we are tearing down this country'
my hero, you finally got them to shut the fuck up
Yes.
No, I mean linear acceleration, not lots of mass in one place acceleration towards the middle of a planet. Think a Space Shuttle with an infinitely full fuel tank of zero mass and engines that don't melt.
i wonder if breathing in tear gas every night causes cancer
never left, Paco, fix Acapulco
If we are in a simulation, which is technically more likely than being the original non-simulated reality, then the simulations are good enough we can't really tell so it doesn't matter.
everyone dies Based
Not sure what they're protesting, but I think it's safe to say it's not anorexia or bulimia nervosa.

well he cant promise a wall , term limits, draining the swamp or law and order because... nobody would believe him.Mabe his best chance is hoping Biden gets covid or RBG dies
Checked. Just kill someone already so they really have something to complain about. They've already caused the deaths of many, the destruction of peoples livelihoods as well as insane costs to the locals and government. They will always reeee. Reeeeegardless of what is done.
Your mother most likely got up to some shit when she was young (that she conviently doesn't mention) or had a properly strict upbringing.People are always easily fooled by the rose-tinted nostalgia goggles.Even as someone who hasn't lived a long life, all I have to do is read literature or historical accounts from centuries ago to see that women then are much the same as women today. All that has changed is that we gave them even more free reign.Based boomer. I'm glad that you had some wild times.
They want to be shot by a cop so bad.
That's right; it's Caturday!
We were both referring to OPs screencap...I'm slow but not that slow bub...
Yeah that's what I figured.Any civilization with the ability to go to another galaxy probably wouldn't have much of a reason to go there.There would be better use for the energy and time.What could there possibly be on another galaxy that would still be a mystery to them? They could create everything they want wherever there is matter and energy.Maybe they could be curious about other lifeforms (especially if there aren't others in their galaxy) or want to destroy them preemptively.But unless there are some huge breakthrough in physics that make FTL possible (with a non-absurd amount of energy), it would still take a lot of time to get there. One way to see it is that other galaxies and whatever is there might be of interest because of time. Whatever is there could be the result of billions of years of evolution. Even if it takes millions of years to get there, it could be worth it for them. But, maybe not. Natural evolution is slow and they could probably optimize it and simulate a few billion years of evolution in a sun-sized supercomputer.Maybe at some point they would expand into other galaxies simply because they ran out of the most easily exploitable energy sources in the current one. Or maybe internal war would force some of them to flee.In any case, the next step is a commercial infrastructure in the solar system and Elon must hurry.
:am in Sweden. Glad you're getting an early start on your day, Muhammad.
What is the point of this nonsense really?
That faggoty color spell still works on these niggers
-kThey wish.
you really dont know any women with boyfriends ?
They mean total weight of the front line. Also, FBI told Trump and Christie that Russia cheated on treaties more than China. Sounds like bullshit.
does anyone remember the name of that news commentator that went on that tirade saying all the racist nicknames for people? white guy with white hair
What exactly is wrong with the Pacific Northwest? They’re somehow more mentally ill than usual this year.
we may just exist in a big fuck you existence. but they will probably come up with something. but yeah, maybe by that time will be no reason to go.
We have a winner!They want a corpse to throw at him and force him to resign.It's pretty fucking obvious at this point...
Only my gf ^-^ but she's  and hates dogs.
only thing that would change what you said would be naturally occurring worm holes that could be traversed.
-k
You mean he has to do more for your vote?
Your gf IS a dog.
lol why would anyone even talk to a pollster other than to tell them to fuck off?
But anon...YOU are a dog!
Only my gf ^-^ but she's  and hates dogs.
-_-
It is a solution to the Fermi Paradox as well. Significantly advanced species sort of collapse in on themselves, but not in a destructive way. There could be a mix of that and colony ships. Something that just lazily travels somewhere over centuries and can sustain a population of people. Hell, if those people were mainly digitized it wouldn't matter how long it took to get somewhere else, being digitized would mean the ship could be smaller.
I'm ! It's legal!!! Her """friends""" are fucking each other's dads to get revenge on each other, so hating dogs is fine imo.
how have you fags not figured out the sun moon earth system yet?isaac newton translated the tablet and everythingyou are an embarrassment like rick and morty
Too true. Still doesn't change the fact I'm voting for Biden.
Trump should tweet 'please remember to social distance while rioting''Protesting is a human right, rioting is not. If you do either, PLEASE SOCIAL DISTANCE!'
Her """friends""" are fucking each other's dads to get revenge on each other
Is it that CIA guy from CNN? Anderson Cooper?

they make giant leaps with everything else. space, we got nothing
HOLY SHIT THIS THE BEST MOVIE IVE EVER SEEN, LOOKING FOR IT RIGHT NOW ON BLURAY
no but similar look to Cooperhes just like a panelist, might be on MSNBChe screamed about "MY FAMILY WERE CALLED MICKS" and then said wop,spic, chink etc
I'm on the East Coast, oh fug it NYC and i got an offer about the time the bongo man was elected to move to Oregon for like twice my salary (i'm a damn good programmer/sys anal heh) but i was going to be at least  miles from any beach so i turned them down)that was before trump of course, glad i don't live in that shit state (though quite beautiful) now
Peaceful protestorsFireworksNot rioters and pipe bombs
https://www.buzzfeednews.com/article/zoetillman/portland-federal-officers-judge-ruling-identifyjudge says that Oregon doesn't have standing to sue smooth brained redditor chimps outhow am I to know if I'm being kidnapped?!?!??! Imagine being so fucking entitled that you riot then complain when you get arrested.
Literally,  yo girls fucking yo men and sending pics to their gc to fucking ruin each other's lives. I told my girl to stop hanging with these whores, all they do is make fun of her for being a virgin and wanting to wait a bit before she and ai have sex. Literally every time she goes on IG she cries bc of the shit her """friends""" say to each other and her. The issue is there is no legal standing either bc it is all legal in Leafland.
They wouldnt be throwing everything at usike they are if they thought they were winning. Im convinced they plan on attempting to hand the nation over to china whether they win or lose
If you're a right winger it is
Yanks really need to annex Canada
That is a hell of a thing. Canada is a pretty crazy place. But I guess being "normal" isn't normal. I wonder which girl thought it was a good idea and got the whole thing started.

newton = faget
The FEDS are wearing uniforms, what the fuck are these cunts going on a bout?
Correct.The main one, tall volleyball whore, fucked the dad of the nd in the chain of command, who I call Gilgamesh, and it devolved from there.
They are wearing camouflage. So they are invisible.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcmhTBEIAeohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fujBNTvchttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=srdcEicyjBMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QSgCgasHw
Trouble in Paradise?

The federal agents are clearly identified as police, but they are not wearing their names on their uniforms. The two are being conflated by politicians and reddit in order to make it sound more sinister than it really is, and of course by stupidity/incompetence.
show some love for the rare fedblower
If you really want to end it turn in something anonymous. Those men would probably get some jail time by sexing up girls even though the girls instigated the whole thing.
The PNW is essentially the last holdout of hardcore gommunism in white Americans. We're culturally isolated from the rest of the country, and physically isolated too during winter if snow blocks I-, , and the train tunnels. The libs here have no idea at all how the rest of the country feels about their bullshit, and they only see Trump through the media's lens. They literally can't process him winning a second term, but he is, so riots.
What is this sound I am hearing? Like a leaf blower or lawn mower.
f them. They know they would immediately dox anyone's name they saw.
elon trying to go full natsocnooooooooo babe pls stahhpAs much as I dislike Muslims, they are right about women.
It's legal. Idk if it is legal for the girl to record that shit tho. Weird how literal fat disgusting boomers are getting to fuck these bitches just bc they are related to ppl they hate. Boggles the noggle.
Knew this would happen
There could be a big, big breakthrough at some point.But what's discouraging is that there hasn't been *huge* surprises in physics in hundreds of years. That's probably a poor way to put it. But it just doesn't seem huge to me.Newton had it *mostly* nailed down. We always knew that flight was possible, just look at birbs. Computers aren't new ideas either. There were mechanical computers hundreds of years ago. The brain was hypothesized to be an "hydraulic computer" by some. Maybe electricity was poorly understood more than a hundred years or so ago, but it wouldn't have mattered much without massive energy development. Wireless communication is one thing that feels kind of magic, but you could have done something like it with acoustic repeaters or something. The chemical processes to make cheap fertilizers is one that might have mattered the most to humanity.There have been massive development and new applications (recently, mostly thanks to the biggest wars in human history that mobilized almost all of society). But most of it is not a *huge* surprise when it comes to physical laws. It's mostly within the bounds of what was known the be possible. Just exploited at a much more massive scale. Which is NOT easy to do, but still.If FTL were possible and even remotely practical, that would be a huge surprise though.
A true case of 'literally can't into' it seems
*it's legal for adults to fuck  year olds, but idk about the girls recording it to send to the girl they hate
but, how the fuck did a carrier burn. we only been building them  years
Leaf blowers for gas. Rioters had them yesterday, now a Fed or two has them. I hope its a confiscated rioter leaf blower.

Oh yeah. But natural traversable wormholes seem to be a meme from what I gather. And when they talk of building/stabilizing them the amount of energy that they talk about is just so nuts.Might as well build yourself a couple more dyson spheres instead and turn them into a virtual theme park that's much cooler than whatever could be on the other side of the wormhole.Or maybe we'd run out of ideas for theme parks so that's why we'd need to checkout the worm holes.Maybe that's why the ayy lmaos don't want to interfere with Earth too much.Yeah, gotta wonder what would "motivate" a civilization like this to expand *so* fucking much to that point where they'd leave their galaxy or even just their core territories.I could kind of imagine them fanatically seeking more energy and processing power, but not what would keep it stable and focused on the job at this scale. There's just no payoff it seems.I wish we were more motivated to colonize just the next fucking planets though. Well, that the US would really. They're the only ones that could do it.

What about Wisconsin?
Fake ass shit, though this one's real and right.
See I think he has a point. But looking at what happened in Nevada and California, how do you risk going to church? There's already precedent at the very top of the judiciary. And I don't know about you guys but my governor wouldn't stick up for me. Lmao

Oh fuck Elon bringing the based there. Wish he would say more about South Africa though considering hes from there.
i have to agree with him.
we really don't need anything. and most civilizations are probably the same. if we really needed something they would give a fuck.
Wish he would say more about South Africa though considering hes from there.Has he mentioned SA at all?
can you at least admit there's a difference between blind and informed hatred?
I would too. But our SCOTUS told us to go fuck ourselves.
This is how you know Cernocuck is a Jew and not a Christian.Jesus very specifically told Christians to follow the rules in the Kingdom they were under.
why wignats expect Trump to say "FUCK NIGGERS" on live television
the confidence the pubic hairFuck I’m in love
It's moreso that that may not be an effective means of protesting it especially since scotus ruled that iwas okay (fuck roberts) and oddly enough it's probably MORE effective to bitch on twitter since trump might hear
what did that cuck Roberts do today?
Everyone should just start mass non compliance with all distancing, mask, and capacity mandates. Stuff like doing massive maskless flash mobs at public places. Of course Id love to see Newsom, Sisolak, and Roberts hanging from nooses but thats not very Christian.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWEmvDJ_
Decided that restrictions on churches were okay even though casinos don't have restrictions.
bruh the st amendment is literally america's most sacred law
Here's Gorsuch's dissent. This is the whole thing. It's  paragraph lmao
Told Churches in Nevada they have to comply with capacity mandates despite the fact all the casinos are back open and people are rioting across the country on a continual basis.
it is always okey to opress your enemies
No, that one's real too.https://twitter.com/elonmusk/status/
UNSTOPPABLE
what a fucking bitch, god i hate him so much almost as much as RBG but she has being Jewish as her defense.
bruh the st amendment is literally america's most sacred lawtheres not  american who truly believes in the st amendmentthey just say "get off muh property , because you hurt my feelings""its my website! i can ban whoever i want!"theyre like  year olds
Maybe not for a while. Knowing he's the first African American to head a private space launch firm is enough.
This seems to tell me that what is needed is the ability to *arrest* a public official for attempting to create an illegal law but that sounds like an actual nightmare
How the fuck is it possible I'd rather Roberts die than RBG??
T O P K E KOPKEK
he's worse. always kill a traitor before an enemy, jimjam.
i am sure his catboi lover has dirt on him

tired of winning yet?
why would anyone even talk to a pollsterDemocrats are narcissists that think everyone needs to hear their opinion, and value that above privacy. Look at social media for further examples.
Fuck distancing actually nobody gives a fuck. But the mask bullshit, anon I was going no comply but then stores wouldn’t let me in. So I said fuck it and got an American flag gaiter. Yeah it’s pozzed af but not gonna die on this hill. I’m waiting for either the kingdoms return or the final showdown big boog style
PLEASE MR. PRESIDENT I CAN'T HANDLE ALL THIS WINNING
Whoops, my bad bro.
so the coof and those who feel they'd be bullied by their peers for being republicans? I don't feel as though this negatively reflects on trump unless you want to tie it in to social media censorship but honestly the issue there is it's congress' job and they don't do their job.
maybe if we actually needed something from outer space. but we don't
Would be fun to gather a bunch of boys and go arrest sisolak and drop him hogtied at a police station or something, though it wouldnt really solve anything.
exactly how a fucking kike thinks, he sees the victim bucks of photo ops of crying Christians in cuffs being hauled off by copssome faggots are going to do itit'll backfire because its kikery bait when?
Wisconsin only had one ballot question this year, regarding victims' rights in criminal trials, and I likely would have said yes on that; it passed in April. It raises criminal penalties, most notably for property crimes.
Probably only an external threat or just something external that some people would want to go out and communicate with. Imagine if we started getting heavily red shifted signals from some alien civilization. Like some sort of alien tv in a reverse galaxy quest. We would know there was something else out there.
They are frens :,(
Damn, guess I have to work even harder then. :^)
((((((polls))))))WHEEZE
They make you work weekends?
college educatedAnon, the proper term is "leninist indoctrinated".
he's a jesuit, which i think might actually be worse
anon surely you know jannies do it for free
Social distancing only made sense to avoid overloading the hospitals.This thing only ends with herd immunity.It's crazy how it's not being talked about rationally by the politicians and the media.Oh it's very dangerous, we've got to not spread it, we've got be careful...But there's not a rational explanation as to why. What's the plan to end this?Shutdowns and social distancing do not end it. It's not enough because the virus is too virulent. It will just make herd immunity take *years* instead of months. Re-shutting down everything whenever cases flare up is pointless. This doesn't have an end. Or it will only end incidentally after years.
I hate FoxNewshttps://twitter.com/MrAndyNgo/status/
americans believe in private property tyrannyi can be a asshole to you as long as its my store and im the manager im allowed to kick you out for whatever reason i want or as long as its your household you can treat people like shit and tell guests to get off your propertyto pretend like you have power when your house is like . acres
GASSED
Reminder that even Cucker Tardson glows in the dark
Chads
This is the dumbest shit I've ever read.
Yes yes :)I made that, anon! :)))
yes you idiot, your presence on my property is speech on my behalf that you are tolerated their under the first amendment and my right to blow you away for not leaving when asked is the second.
uhhh excuse me but last time i checked that belief was mocked on the daily show?
you stoopid
They still showed the footage though. Boomers saw it.
If we had a fair judiciary that would be one thing. But I live in a blue state lmao. And if I kept appealing, Roberts has already said in two different states than mine that he doesn't care. But cernovich is bipolar so whatever.
2020 Timeline shift
The Nobody has set his plans in action.
Who is the “nobody”
I think it’s time
The Nobody is the singularity. He's here to destroyed the order of the world that was set in motion by those that call themselves the new world order which is in fact the old world order masquerading itself as new. The Golden Age Begins with the Nobody.
Digits confirm the The Nobody
Wouldn’t quantum immortality mean that I am the nobody? Also that I am you? And you are the nobody?
libs haven't here. If you shifted, you should remember the ending to Game of Thrones. If you have one that actually involved ceresi not being crushed then you were in a reality that GRR Martin finished. Or maybe, you remember that rap didn;t exist nor the Long march? That Mao died in the s. That the Nazi's invented thermobaric weapons and the Chinese stole and used them on the communists.
No. The Nobody is beyond the realm of the material plane. The Nobody is called the Nobody because he doesn't stand out yet has so much power over the world. The rulers of the world bribe powerful entities but how can you bribe someone you can't even detect even with your best remote viewers.
Rap existedNever watched gotMao died in the sNazis used thermo weapons, learned in middle schoolDid I shift /pol/acks?
In my reality GOP was the gods of the world, they bribed and bought the current world to paradise.Right before quitting my “job” the left harassed, recorded, and made my life hell for  weeks.There has to be a real answer besides “lefties rule this timeline”
Read the Bible you retards.ACTS and Revelation, if you want the TLDR.
You're not the Nobody. The Nobody is beyond political parties.
read my jew book no thanks the Nobody is not Christian
The Nobody is a faggot myth created by an /x/ larper to stave off boredom which the rest of that board latched onto so they could feel important./x/ is an odd one because it's one of the higher IQ boards but they're all fucking gullible retards.hurr durr that's rich coming from a christcuckWhen your shitty nobody man has  years of scripture and blatant prophecy behind him I will take it seriously.
More red pills on the nobody before jannies fag up the post then.
At what point in time were the leftcucks so powerful that they overtook the fucking USA?They’re not. That just the media narrative.
timeline shift inc brace for the unexpected
why do all these images have ifunny tags?
Modern /x/ is full of Satanism
whatever the media says is true might as well be for most people
Is the Nobody even aware that he's the Nobody?
What happens when you die naturally or do you just end up being infinite years old?
But if  parties rule the modern worldChina and Russia They aren’tWouldn’t that means they would be influencing the modern world?
In which the mind will always transport itself to alternate realitiesThat's not what quantum immortality is at all. Whoever made that graphic is an idiot trying to sound learned, and you should feel bad for using it.
Yes.
I thought Chainlink was the singularity. Is Sergey the Nothing?
What happens when you die naturallyYou enter a new vessel.
Cause my comp is at home and I’m phonefagging from my other house.Stop ignoring the subject kike
Obviously you have agency over your own life, nevertheless the majority of people like to bitch about how 'others' are at fault. Meanwhile, the rest is preoccupied with struggling against their own neurosis. Sidenote, your prophet archetype cannot be self-declared. Others have to recognize the utility in his words and actions by himself. The only thing that he know is:(like Socrates:) "I know nothing"
Ays told the leftist to exterminate niggers, they refused.It's called the God Sanction. Now the AyLMAOs are doing it themselves and gonna punish the EARTH for the elite refusing to comply;.Also a lot of time traveler meddling, galaxy proxy war bullshit.
Whiplash because high energy threads shifted it back to the Legendary Timeline, probably.That isn't a complete list of digit farms. Kike jannies deleted more than a few so that they're external archive only.
We are nobody, fren.
What caused the timeline shift to be so drastic this year?The shift wasn't this year. Everything was going according to plan, until gamergate mass-distributed redpills. It caused a major panic in elites, and they're pushing the plan ahead of schedule in response.
what cause--Propaganda and money.You want the egoynomy doing good? Well, nothing is sacred then.Also, quantum immortality is bullshit.You'd remember dying.
Needed something wokeIf you shift timelines enough won’t you wind up in a new vessel when you’re current timeline ends? Isn’t that the point of quantum immortality? Correct me if I’m wrong
This shit has been going on for awhile. You were just a dumb faggot not paying attention.
I'm not so sure about that, usually when people start to openly declare such shit they come across as mental
Anon no. Ayys are controlled by upper dimensional Jews. The reason Earth is so interesting is because the person who with the power to defeat the Jews was born here on Earth. We are destined to free the Ayys from their slavery which is why they are constantly trying to contact us.
It's all part of the big plan, People are pulling apart into  groups and the distinctions are becoming more and more pronounced. Those that live a controlled moral life will be saved, those that give into their lusts and weaknesses will perish. The middle ground is disappearing, its time to choose a side.
I learned about quantum immortality when I experienced it first hand in .I was driving back from highschool. My sister had asked me to drop her off somewhere and I was exhausted. I'm in the car alone crossing and intersection when I notice an oncoming truck. A red  wheeler with a big grill. The truck doesn't slow down, I guess he didn't see me. In this split second I remember panicking and realizing I was about to die. I watched the grill of the truck slam into my car. Followed by the loudest most deafening sound I've ever experienced.When I came to, I was told there was no truck. Instead a much smaller vehicle hit mine. I looked up to see if anyone had experienced what I experienced, and the closest explanation was quantum immortality.
worried about being declared mental on an Atlantean Hyper Cube BoardNever Gonna Make is Doggerkin.
That pic is some deep shit, my older brother passed away last year, he browsed this board and chn a lot, everyday I miss him and his anticts im sure he was a very active member here and I wonder what he would have said during these times of cuckery
gamergatethis was indeed an interesting point in time, it was the first movement that openly dared to mock feminist rhetoric exposing the vacuity it had accumulated over the decades since all its original battles were won. Arguably, the "Karen" meme is a continuation of this cultural countercurrent.
A nobody but someone with information from other worlds. Thoughts that can influence. Not present in this world but has eyes in it.Nobody will never tell the truth, though...just influence.
Imagine you play Russian roulette and pull the trigger  times. There's a whole heap of alternate realities where you're dead, but you can only experience the one where you lived. There's no jumping or crossing, it's just there's multiple infinite realities and you can only observe one of them if you're alive in it. No matter how improbable some event was, there's one where you lived, and you can only see that one.
We choose to forget the bad things, selective memory, like after a traumatic event
If quantum immortality is to be believed, he exists in a timeline where it was you who died.
Wouldn’t the shift be gradual over time if my timeline was different than the current one I arrived in?If I wasn’t part of this shithole and I suddenly dropped in, wouldn’t it be a severe culture shock? Wouldn’t expect rational thinking from a bong though
you’re a retard plain and simple, lol
Mandela Effect
Don't mistake loud noises for victory. We are still at the low end of LTL crowd control. DHS is bagging the worst of the worst, and if people keep fucking around, they'll get bagged as well. I've decided that they only allow gender reassignment surgery to punish people for taking their mental illness too far and granting shit cunts and mutated clits.They will crumple the first time they get punched. Hard. Keep fighting, Anon. The floodwaters are receeding.
At what point in time were the leftcucks so powerful that they overtook the fucking USA?around  to .
There's an NDE on https://www.nderf.org/ that is basically exactly as you describe. Someone in a car, enters an intersection, looks to their left and sees a truck, gets hit, 'dies', has the most INSANE sounding trip.Wakes up.Is back in the car approaching the intersection, there's no truck.I read it years ago so I don't have it to hand, give me a few minutes I will try and find it.Hopefully the thread is still up.
diegets quantum bs'ed into another timelineinstantly forget about it"IZ SELEKTIF MEMERY"an hero
I’m lost, I’m sure I’ve died and shifted to an upside down reality,NDE is a commonality with people who see the Mandela Effect. I had one when I was an infant and "died" for like a minute.Jews and their servants invert everything and mass program the goys for a reason.
I wish that was true anon I do remember dying
I was the one that first brought the Nobody to /x/. But no I'm not the Nobody. /x/ couldn't handle the Nobody so I stop posting there in June . I no longer post on /x/ about the nobody. /pol is the new board where I post about the Nobody. The Nobody is here to bring forth the Golden age that due for Kali Yuga. The Nobody is not Satanic. He's aware but he doesn't see as something to be spoken of because he doesn't want the attention of the entities the rulers of the world work with. It would make his plans harder to execute. China, Russia the USA they're all the same. It's easier to rule people when they think they have a choice but behind the scenes you're pulling the same strings. Maybe for Crypto but not for the world. He never self declared that's why he's still the Nobody. The Nobody will free the earth yes.The Nobody is in this world. 
Possibly, I never really used this bored since im a newfag around here aside from occasional visits for boredom. Whichever reality he's in I hope hes well. Thank you anon
CheckedAlso you are right and dont worry by the end of this even pol will pity the left. The destruction will be mericless and absolute
The idea is you go back to before you made the decisions that got put you on the path to getting killed. Literally save + load from a videogame. Might as well be simulation theory with all the zoomer life is vidya shit
This is a far too common phenomenon for it not to be real. Plenty of stories of people knowing for sure something hit them and next thing you its like nothing ever happened.
bwaaaaaah bawwww bwaaaaahwwwwwwwwEnjoy the ride gay niggermutt.
The nobody was banished to an alternate timeline by the elites. They sent him to a reality where he has no power and is unaware he is the nobody.
What if you don't want to? What if living again isn't something I want to do... I never asked for it in the first place but I have to do it again? Can't I just die and stay dead? What works for you may not work for everyone. Is there a choice? Do we decide consciously or does God poof us into random bodies or is it structured like heaven and hell with karma being the deciding factor?
picI knew nothing of this, but that is how I always thought about it. It gives you a kinda invincible feeling, but you shouldn't think about it too much...
I am not talking about this basket weaving mongolian shitposting forum. I mean in real face to face interaction with other flesh and blood human beings. Try bringing up your theories about yourself (and everyone else by extension) as a deity of dis/order and watch the reactions uneasiness of your contemporaries around you. The vast majority are comfortable in their mediocracy, placated by their addiction to alcohol, travell, shopping or some other form of material hedonism. Only a very few ever feel the need to question their own behaviour.
it was the first movement that openly dared to mock feminist rhetoric exposing the vacuity it had accumulated over the decades since all its original battles were won.It was more than that. It was a true opposition movement with legs that wasn't easily controllable. It had a massive wellspring of creativity and wasn't entirely predictable.Remember when they tried to take it to the UN to introduce the concept of "cyberviolence"? The "cyberviolence" meme would have *destroyed* internet free speech, which is why it was floated. The communists didn't realize they weren't able to accurately measure internet opinion, and pretty much fucking everyone—inside and outside gamergate—laughed that shit off the world stage. The elite were terrified, because for the first time ever they clearly were not in control of the narrative. Which is why we see massive de-platforming campaigns across the tubes.
Another Kali Yuga pleb, I refuse to believe the religion that was CREATED during Kali Yuga will explain the state of the world until the day I die.Thousands of years of suffering and nobody will be around to experience the end of “Kali Yuga”
Do you remember every second of your life? the boring memories get dumped, the bad memories get dumped, even the good memories, when they become to heartbreakingly nostalgic, get dumped
This is not at all the theory of quantum immortality, this is just gay new age magic shit. Quantum immortality isn’t about experiencing a fatal event then magically going back in time to a different reality, it’s just the suggestion that if there are multiple “universes”, the one that you will be consciously perceiving at any given moment is one in which you have the capacity for conscious perception (i.e., you’re not dead).
You're not the one who had the NDE you faggot. I'll take their word over yours. You're just scared to die, coward. Also, I was talking to him, not you, about his experience, cunt.
Jon snow stabbed her, drogon picked her up and flew her body away
I'll keep it simple... antisemitism; nowhere to run this time around.
I'm still wondering where the left went from somewhat mentally stable in - if not degenerate, to full blown commie retard degenerate fags who blow the media and whatever they tell them.I think someone needed to trigger the zombies on all sides to expose themselves because they need to end this timeline in the right way to usher in something else. Sounds great and things will get spicy in the meantime, but the real question is will the next timeline jump lead to something better or a new level of the hell dimension? Time will tell ;-) it always does doesn't it?
Thanks for sharing that anon. I tell my story on chan every once in a while to see if anyone has ever experienced anything similar.It seems like, if the theory is to be believed, most people are "native" to this universe- or timeline. They haven't had any uncannily close brushes with death that flat out defy explanation.If there are others who are convinced they got forced out of one probabilistic universe into this one it would strengthen the theory.
A lot of us shifted here. I don't remember where I'm from of course, but I know this wasn't always my home
Does this mean this timeline I have to show my true power level?
Makes no fucking sense.You'd still remember dying even with a reset.And even then, you don't even know the magnitudes of energy and synchronicity that's required to make a "jump".Nice try, though. Try again when you're less delusional.Yeah, i remember when i try to because i'm not retarded and don't believe that if i die i'll just get reset at infinitum.
False.
Anyone else wake up when they were younger from a banging ass dream and forget where they are and who they are then notice how everything is different. Slightly different? I remember this sometime in the late 's and I was not too happy. Got this feeling I'm either lost or went into a bad place.
I’ll take their word that magic is real Low IQ individual. Many such cases
never self declaredI have been contemplating the idea of "hiding your power level," and in general I disagree for a number of reasons that have to do with social dynamics and personal growth. Having said that, undeniably there is a certain "grace" and "tact" to when you should speak. "Honey, I think my water just broke and I am starting to go into labour""Have you ever considered quantum immortality?"
left went from somewhat mentally stable in -Are you fucking retarded
The evil one will soon reap what he has sown into humanity, this is how it progresses
I remember my death.Overdose on synthetic marijuana and seeing hell for myself. Nothing has been the same since.
The Nobody is a nigger. There, I said it. THE NOBODY IS A NIGGER.A NIIIIIIGGGEEEEEEERRRRRRRRRRAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
https://www.nderf.org/Experiences/wilson_fde.htmlI found it! It's a long read and pretty insane sounding but you might like it.The guy goes into another dimension and gets 'sorted' between different realities.
Stuff stays... it hits you like deja vu but more intense. It feels like precognition if you start translating the feeling correctly. It can't be taught... you have to teach yourself. The best I can tell you is to stop and process where your actions will lead before you make the first step.
Rabbi Yeshua did it + years ago & reset the Matrix.The next reset is imminent... except hes coming with a sword this time around... not just words.
Technically I think we all are. As the decades passed I've felt myself get dumber and dumber. It's annoying and I blame the group consciousness for that.
go back to /x fag
Quantum immortality is a misnomer though, you won't be immortal because you only keep existing so long as there is a non-zero probability that you exist in some alternate reality. But at a certain point age pushes that probably to absolute zero. And you die.
This is not how this works. You wouldn’t have any memory of encountering the fatal event- the timeline of potentialities you would perceive would be the one where you didn’t experience an event that would end your capacity for perception. If you believe in magic, fine, but don’t pretend it has any connection at all to the theory of quantum immortality which, although purely speculative and dependent on a dozen other speculative vaporware theories, at least has logical consistency.
bangingShitskin confirmed But yes I do, also lot of waking night terrors too
I dont remember the dreaming, but ive woken up with a blank mind - times. though i didnt notice anything different with my world
Hey bro, we’re here together, so there’s that. Small victories. Keep up the good fight.
People got redpilled by that nigger that beat people in an elderly home so they had to double down
Blame your indoctrination. When you think negro sovereigns, universal voting rights for teenage girls, white ethnic cleansing from urban centers, and two men ejaculating into each other’s anal cavities is “mentally stable”, you shouldn’t be surprised that things seem weird.
Who even are you? Why do you feel compelled to tell people how any of this works? Are you a gatekeeping faggot for a theory none of us can prove or even test? You're not important, loser. Shut the fuck up.
The Nobody doesn't care about the left or right. Those are arbitrary boxes created by the rulers to pit the population and cause chaos. Yes they thought they had killed in . But it wasn't until  that he began to remember who he was and now he's more cautious of how he presents himself no longer trusting any sources.You'll have to relinquish all desires for you to stay dead. What religion are you referring to? Kali Yuga was predicted during Satya Yuga. Nobody will experience the end of Kali Yuga because they're won't be any humans left after the great war. But you are experiencing Kali Yuga at this very moment. I used to cry for no apparent reason around - and I remember the sky changing colors. The few remote viewers that have been granted permission by the Nobody to see his face don't describe him as a nigger. Jesus didn't reset anything. The one coming with the sword is Kalki riding a white horse and his army that will kill with words alone. Pic related.
Why would you talk about the facts of quantum immortality in a thread about quantum immortality
Sure, its in your head but not actively accessible. your not thinking of all of it at one time, that would drive you insane
he's a NIa NUHa NIIIIIINIGGER
I appreciate it, in all honesty, when it all comes crashing down, just remember me, remind me and I’ll remember you.
He was merely sharing an experience and now you've taken it upon yourself to gatekeep like some cosmic Jordan Peterson. Here's a thought, why don't you see for yourself whether quantum immortality is real?
The ascension. Bifurcation of earth timelines.
He’s asking why don’t you play Russian roulette, you fucking bugeye cretin
I agree with your characterisation, except that elites are "in control", they absolutely try to. However, we can find historic examples from the reformation, french revolution, american independence, the German culture war right up today where the narrative shifted. Obviously, post hoc it gets presented as "yeah, it was always the plan and we totally meant to do that" by whomever is left in charge. Survivor bias is a hell of rationalization mechanism. laughed that shit off the world stageHere, my friend I think you've hit right to the core of how the whole dynamic works. Laughter, represents a dopamine release and thereby you are tapping into the addictions of the majority. By providing them with "free" dopamine through the sheer power of ideas the narrative suddenly shifts as people voluntary share information in order to make their friends laugh (which is liked and appreciated = increased social bonding). The word is indeed more powerful than the sword, especially if the wod can make people laughBiggus Dickus https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kx_GahLU
Not a nig but a spiritual one.Night terrors too so badly I feared going to sleep. I accepted I'm in hell around that time when your dream life is as bad as your waking.I just remember it was the initial impression I had for a long time after but again could be that blanking like you which would explain why I thought everything was off. Just lasted for a long time afterwards. Kind of reminds me of those Secret Space Program guys who talk about being blank slated. Don't know what's going on but somethings playing games is all I know above our heads. I do remember it was like one of those dreams where you felt like you lived out an entire life in it and then woke up. Another possible reason, or perhaps I did if those SSP guys are correct. I liked that dream more than what I woke up to that's for sure.
Sounds like a good plan, will do anon. Until then we fight on even though we’re probably doomed.
tfw you OD on spice while watching Spawnfelt like I was out for an eternityvivid images of demons and hellfire(looked more like plasma than fire)And then I woke up just as the movie started.This was the first time I remembered dying.
How do I go back to my  self? I just want a nice, big reset.
Just watchfully waiting. Interceding as necessary. The stakes are quite high you know.
tfw fairly oddparents Fuck you, mr Crocker hasn’t been the same to me ever since 
Here's how it works. There are infinite timelines, but they're hierarchically nested, the metaphysical jargon is "emanations." When a being with will makes a decision, it chooses one timeline over one or more, but this timeline is not so far removed as to not be drawn back into the greater timeline it lies nested within.There are major forces at work trying to keep the subset of time they're responsible for from going off the rails. These forces can work forwards and backwardsin time to keep the willful from fucking things up too harshly, but if a whole lot of willful beings get a notion in their head, they can override fate and push into unknown territory. Consequentially, there are certain moments in time which might be called "critical points" or, in Dr. Who parlance, "fixed points." If the consequences of a willful being's decisions interfere with these fixed points, the greater powers have to monkey around with time to get things back on track. Say, for instance, some important but willful being does something dumb and gets hit by a semi truck before they can participate in one of these fixed points. The powers that be have to re-write a bunch of shit, and the willful being's memory is either wiped or no longer valid in their timeline. "Quantum" is just a sciency sounding word that has nothing to do with this kind of thing.Don't kill yourself, though, you're probably not important.
Can you prove I’m not though?Wish I was though...
?!?!?!
Universe restarts.  will happen again at some point.
how the fuck do you know
Oh fucking great that’s all we fucking need, another fucking Q psyop larp, go kys faggot glownigger
So I keep trying to make a device that suicides me if my randomly selected Powerball numbers don't win. But every time I get it setup, instead of causing myself to exist in a timeline where I win the lottery, I just get shunted to a universe where I never made the device at all. What am I doing wrong??
Correct. Everything can repeat with variation.
Just do itFairly oddparents movieI hope you make it back, anon
absolutely based and nobodypilled
How do I go back to my  selfwhy did you change, why did you allow the world to perturb you from your inner core? If every decision you've made since that point was reasoned by yourself and in full concordance with your own inner sense of self there is no need to wish to go back. Instead you would proudly look behind you at how far you've become.
So I'm not the only one that had a precog experience which that probably was right around / Also noticed a shift where colors seemed brighter when they felt more dull before. Which ties directly in the sun going from yellowish-orange to this giant white ball in the sky. In the military they even call it BOB (Big Orange Ball in the sky) yet I can't recall anyone mainstream noticing or saying shit about it. I didn't even notice it until it was pointed out then I remembered. Reality is spoopy. I was almost thankful I lost the abilities of the other side when I grew up choosing to be the guy going back into the matrix enjoying his steak. Outside these physical reality you're attached to shit is fucked up.
There are no rewards for rolling. Your life will progressively get worse after every suicide attempt... essentially you end up killing yourself forever.
You have to fire  times with a  shooter while watching the numbers be picked, it’s how I got rich desu
The Nobody has been known since . Way before Q.Suicide or doing nothing at all does affect a thing. The only way to achieve a state of no return to the physical plain is by having no attachment to anything in the material world. By suicide you're attached to the idea of escaping a painful existence.
redpill me on the Woman of Scars. is that a real Nobody storyline or an /x/ LARP
causing myself to exist in a timeline where I win the lotteryWhat am I doing wrong??You already are, you've won so many lotteries to get to this point in time where you that it boggles the mind presumably vast lifeless universe, born on earth billions of years of evolution to come to modern humans cultural evolution that enabled the internet and electricity, and resource abundance chance meeting of your parents and you being the sperm that made it etc. etc.Once you realise that the vast majority of things are outside of your immediate control, and that you are indeed lucky to already have what you have you have shifted your mindset. From such a perspective of plenty, you do not get a attached to needless things and can make better informed decisions of where to invest your time and effort. Then by playing many "lotteries" that do not jeopardise your current situation, but only improve it you are bound to win eventually. pic related
Relax. Everything is going according to plan. Astrologically,  is one of the most significant, life-changing years in human history. Jupiter, Saturn, and Pluto will form conjunctions in Capricorn for the first time in nearly four thousand years, beginning a whole new age in humanity. This year presents profound shifts, as the planets insist that we release outworn paradigms and beliefs, making room for an age of greater freedom, high-mindedness, truth, and egalitarianism. https://www.etherealculture.com/astrologyof
Putting 'quantum' in front of a term to make it sound intelligent Is op this this insufferable retard of youtuber 'church of entropy' ? Because it sounds like what she would do
Woah their cowboy, your timeline may just be one where you don’t win and the devices merely cripples you or leaves you in a coma but still alive. The odds of your homemade suicide machine going Wile-E-Coyote are higher than the odds of winning the lottery
No it's not a real story line. When x fags began to post about it that's when I officially stopped posting on /x. They turned the Nobody into a love story where this women of the scars of whatever is his fated twin flame or whatever gay shit they made up. There is no women of the scars.
Is this why Germans lost ww?
Can you prove I’m not though?Can't prove shit.Wish I was though...No you fucking don't, being important means being babysat constantly by the greater powers to ensure you fulfill your fate. These powers have no pity, remorse, nor attachment. They'll callously destroy everything and anything you care about to keep you on track. If they get really annoyed, they'll start fucking with your head. Being important is essentially having your own body transformed into a supermax prison cell.
It's OK Anon, here have a (you) for your ill conceived attempt at getting attention. Pro tip, try to use a more complex vocabulary to express your ideas, others will eventually take not of yourself for the right reasons.
Be schizophrenic somewhere else please and thank you
You realize we transported to the trump timeline because the hillary timeline caused human extinction It was a species wide quantum immortality moment
The Nobody is coming for the likes of you.
ok gotcha thanks. well if I had to take a guess, I think the Nobody will emerge from Canada, America, New Zealand, or Australia.
There is no timeline shift. The closer Satan gets to the end, the more he thrashes about knowing that Armageddon is getting closer."But when all this has befallen, Asclepius, then the Master and Father, God, the first before all, the maker of that god who first came into being, will look on that which has come to pass, and will stay the disorder by the counterworking of his will, which is the good. He will call back to the right path those who have gone astray; he will cleanse the world from evil, now washing it away with waterfloods, now burning it out with fiercest fire, or again expelling it by war and pestilence. And thus he will bring back his world to its former aspect, so that the Kosmos will once more be deemed worthy of worship and wondering reverence, and God, the maker and restorer of the mighty fabric, will be adored by the men of that day with unceasing hymns of praise and blessing. Such is the new birth of the Kosmos; it is a making again of all things good, a holy and awe-striking restoration of all nature; and it is wrought in the process of time by the eternal will of God. For Gods will has no beginning; it is ever the same, and as it now is, even so it has ever been, without beginning. For it is the very being of God to purpose good."
The Nobody is faggotry fanfic
Being important is essentially having your own body transformed into a supermax prison cell.Interesting way of putting it, and yes I would agree this is the price of discipline. Here is my hope however, what if such discipline is self-imposed and done voluntarily? Not in a cheap sense that you sell your soul for material gain, but rather that you never have to comprise with your own integrity? Tbh I have no answer to that question, but after having put it into practice and becoming an observer as wall as initiator of my own life I can only marvel at what has manifested in front of me.
Shit part is you’ll never know if you are important.The thing you thought you’d fail? Saved by big brother. That interview you thought you aced? Nope, saved again. Isn’t this just one big “Alpha Chad” way of thinking?
There is the final pill. We are all the universe experencing itself.
Some gay pol myth.the world is vast and impossible to really understand why we are heresomebody must know!...I guess nobody knows’nobody’
Some think they jumped timelines anon and we're in a multi-dimensional universal-galactic battle over who controls the future...
Isn’t this just one big “Alpha Chad” way of thinking?now your getting it, see 
Okay. The Nobody, in my glancing over this dumb fad, is a long-running gibberish posting /x/ LARP general proclaiming that Kalki-Christ, instead of being a high avatar of a most divine god, is a literally who who indirectly shitposts in a shitty /x/ general thread and is duh Singularity and will do the thing if you post nonsense in his general threads enough. It will probably end up being some bizarre literal Discord pedo grooming thing in the end meant to draw in impressionable ritalin junkies, and is essentially the inversion of high-energy kekposting threads; a total waste of effort, consisting of purple gibberish high on its own farts without actual intent or belief, rather than brute force black magic through directly-phrased shitposting, psychotic unironic belief in an egregore, and reading the proverbial bones of big consecutive numerals. And The Nobody is a nigger.
Where did u get this information ?
Has the nobody ever been considered as The Wind or as a Threader?
Cultural Marxism has gone unchecked for decades. They have been brainwashing children for generations now while conservatives are busy working all day and drinking and watching kickball on the tv. They have been getting ready for this for awhile now.
Shit part is you’ll never know if you are important.Sweet digits frenThing is, "important" isn't necessarily something interesting like "develop a treatment for colon cancer" type thing. "Important" may be fucking up your life so hard that someone who does invent a treatment for colon cancer sees your degenerate ass and doesn't smoke weed as much. disciplineain't got shit to do with it. Best discipline can do is make you comfortable while you're shuffled towards the inevitable.
I just quit my job after saving enough to not work for  years, what should I do to prepare?
kek
Talking about nobody as if he is somebody is antinothingitic.It’s a joke, a larp. It’s a silly way of sayingnobody cares about younobody will save younobody knows the truthetc
I’m too shy to let you know that you’re actually important and the only few non Reddit fags here....
he's American a frequency like his can only be born in a country that values freedom at all costs.He's very real. The Nobody was not a story that was told on /pol. The Nobody made first contact in . and he's not a nigger.more like a threader but he hasn't been called that at any point Meditate on the Nobody pick up a gun and move to you're rural area where you will learn to homestead. The Nobody will need you for what's to come. The Nobody is a real life living human. He just might be lurking in this thread. Be careful what you say about him please.
he's American a frequency like his can only be born in a country that values freedom at all costs.yeah that makes sense. well if I had to take another guess, I think The Nobody will be born with the coming war with China. Sorta like how Hitler was born in WW.
Faggots like you scared me into moving rural already. Already locked and loaded.
This is unironically true but fails to address the root cause and mechanism for those adjustments. The fact of the matter is that the multiverse as we understand it doesn't technically exist. Yet. The moment of its fundamental creation is in the future (temporally speaking) from the point where you exist right now. The fixed points are more than just preference, they are signposts toward the moment of ultimate creation, and all dimensions merge and collapse into that one moment where all timelines are identical. That is the moment that God is/was born, and in the realization of God all the physical constants that are required for its existence are set. There are forces in play that have been trying to break us out of that loop for uncountable revolutions of this cycle.Now you know. But you already knew, because when you read that just now you felt the truth of it.
You're in for a treat
Who said that discussing ideas always has utility? Obviously, utility can emerge but this is rare. It's like writing  words a day and within that dribble there is one golden sentence that really summarised your ideas. Over time, these ideas accumulate and you get to express yourself ever more and more sophisticated. Once these "sophisticated" ideas are regarded as "self-evident" they get transformed into copypastas and the ideas are being mainstreamed via humor threads (culture enlarge works on a similar dynamic). but then again, what the fuck do I know all i do is shitpost for the lulz ; - )
China is a nothing burger that can’t be compared to ww
I think I might be The Nobody.
Only you anons can decide though.I cannot define myself as such.
such a childish statement. if we don't fight the war in the next  years they are going to wipe us out next decade.  https://www.rand.org/content/dam/rand/pubs/research_reports/RR/RR/RAND_RR.pdf
nobody made contact in meditate on nobodynobody needs youDo you not see the play on words demoralization this is?
In what alternate reality do you survive being  years old?
It's like writing  words a day and within that dribble there is one golden sentence that really summarised your ideas.one golden sentence-THE NOBODY IS A NIGGERT H EN O B O D YI SAN I G G E R
TGDKung flu Military budget vs USAGet real
You want digits to say you are just a nobody? I’ll try
read the report for yourselfI hope we attack the second TGD collapses
while you're shuffled towards the inevitableSee that's my main problem with fatalism, it leaves no room for strive and spirit. I am under no delusion that most human endeavours are futile, but if you don't try you've lost from the start. My personal discipline is to keep failing, at everything I do. Fall on my face and fuck up for no other reason than to do it again the next day. This IS discipline, what it will lead to ... I dunno, but I am sure it will be a hell of a ride! At least I get to experience the full spectrum of human emotions, and do not numb my sensory experience with cheap stimuli that ultimately proof to be self-destructive.
Couldn’t tell you, I probably shifted to a new timeline where I was a toddler and my first memory was sucking my moms tiddy in a shady living room
your not wrong, but it's only half the picture, itsApollo AND Dionysius history determines which it is
i will double or nothing your digits.
Here’s your digits I guess.I now proclaim you to be nobody, may you never become somebody
I guess I really am nobody.Maybe not The Nobody, but nobody nonetheless.
I still think your important bud, and I really am nobody
The Nobody has already been born he's a millennial. Good be ready for the Nobody he needs you.The Nobody already knows who he is. So no you're not the Nobody. Also the Nobody does not announce who who is. By saying you're the Nobody you just became somebody.What's so demoralizing about them? The Nobody is not a nigger. you're not The Nobody sorry anon nice digits though
Are you on meth? In  Nationalism has become more popular than ever before and the kike empire is crumbling
Double or nothing means you’re just some kike eating a bagel
The Nobody has already been born he's a millennial.I do not mean literally born but figuratively born in the coming war with China. He needs a major transformative event to go from Millennial Matt to Kalki the Avenger
you're not The Nobody sorry anon nice digits thoughcouldn’t even follow what I was sayingCome on bud, this is nonsense

flagCan you prove this, kike? Like with actual stats and not memes?
THE NOBODY IS A NIGGER
That's not what quantum immortality is
I'm just glad the white empires of the world are finally feeling the pain. So all the misery ya'll express is like candy for us.
By saying you're the Nobody you just became somebody.Anonymoussay my name sweatyoh right
checkedFollow the thread fren
nice
the closer you get to certain points in time, the less your individual actions or anyone's actions matter. Butterfly effect does not affect the point you're approaching, only prolongs it. We are seeing every single possible attempt to change what we're destined to witness but it can only be prolonged. Not for long either.
Nationalism is more popular than recent years, maybe not ever before. And it’s strength is owed to how insane the left has gotten. Antifa wanted fascists to fight so badly that they are manifesting a growing nationalistic movement by robbing all fence sitters of their livelihood
Nobody said that
literally nothing can stop what's coming.
he is.
He was reborn in . Everything unfolding is going according to plan.Saying is fake won't make the genie go back in the bottle. Mediate on the Nobody.He's in fact not a nigger. Than you for your contribution. You're not the Nobody either. sorry.not anyone can stop the Nobody. Correct Anon.
Great. Where do I sign up?
We need wypeepo, if not we will all be shitting on the curb in san fransisco
Non stop conspiracy with the single plank being "fuck Trump."
Not to be an asshole, but this paradoxical statement has no bearing on my personal view. Apparently, I am important. I don't want to be, I have no idea why this would be, but I've seen way too much synchronicistic shit to not be, and the hand of fate has been anything but gentle.The moment of its fundamental creation is in the future (temporally speaking) from the point where you exist right now."Future" and "past" are different only in the matter of present orientation, but you seem to get that. No need to dumb it down for me.The fixed points are more than just preferenceno need to state the obvioussignposts toward the moment of ultimate creation, and all dimensions merge and collapse into that one moment where all timelines are identical.A temporal singleton is a necessity, yes. But those fixed points aren't necessarily necessary, and they may be signposts, but by my reckoning they're more for the prison guards than the inmate. There are forces in play that have been trying to break us out of that loop for uncountable revolutions of this cycle.I believe that, but a mathfag quibble: the discrete nature of experience suggests our revolutions are countable, although considerable.Personally, I believe the benevolent powers are always fucking thrilled to discover new regions of existence, which is why I don't trust fate for shit.See that's my main problem with fatalismYou misunderstand my outlook. I don't stop trying. I don't think I can stop trying. I'll fight and fight and fight but it always comes back to my own obstinate nature simply being another chain to my prison. Despite this, and the fatalistic outlook it necessarily engenders, I don't allow fatalism to rule my decisions.
hell yeahwell I look forward in fighting side by side with you under the leadership of The Nobody. the new Golden Age is almost here!
THE NOBODY IS A NIGGERAND SO'S THIS GUYand I DEFINITELY said, and I quote, THE NOBODY IS A NIGGERthank you, good digits for the facts on THE NOBODY who is A NIGGER
That’s true, and those digits were to see if your claim was true. So if you believe in nobody and a / digit odds confirmations, then you might have a cult to start.
we are taking back the world
As long as you know you are important, never forget this moment
The Golden Age is here Anon. I'll see you on the other side. Actually no he's not a nigger. Sorry I know how much you worship the BBC.Yes, The Golden Age is ours Anon.
Israel will fall. China will be too busy dealing with a lack of leadership and a flailing, flooded country. Russia is playing a long game like the US was. You will see.All will come unfurled as it is meant to. Do not be fooled by their claims of being the chosen people of God. They are Europeans larping as Jews.
This post radiates something very powerful, I don’t understand why
NI NI NI NININIGNIGBODY'S A NOGGER
Yes Mao died in , Nazis never successfully used the weapons as d-day prevented this. US did on Japs and during Vietnam.
it's because that horse is boss
yes you will.
not necessarily.
I feel like I entered this nightmare universe back in the middle of . July  to be exact.Had an argument with the only girl I ever loved, who I dreamed of having a future with. It was a rainy night, and I feel like the decisions I made that day irreversibly shifted me to this universe. I sometimes wonder if there's another "me" who had done things differently, and is in a more sane and stable universe.
if you could be certain of this occurring you'd be wielding some pretty high tier reality warping powers.
Soon. But not now.
it's so nice seeing someone else realize this, meta fren
Look at the digits:Triple six, triple , remainder in order is , which adds to , the number of completion.
Will the signal be shown to me? How will I know?
No, you wouldn't. Remembering your death would stunt you spiritually and that defeats the point. And you are retarded because there is no 'trying' its an automatic thing when you physically die. And if you are murdering yourself, you are not solving the puzzle like Tree Gelbman did.
Gamers are dead, yet powerful enough to shift entire timelines!
I don't allow fatalism to rule my decisions.you could call this hope, and this is the funny thing about it it's not strictly speaking rational. As yous say: being another chain to my prisonFace it my friend, as men we ARE beasts of burden. The only choice we have is what stone we want to roll up the hill (pic related, myth of sisyphus and all) ... We have no choice in that everything takes effort and the feeling of futility that comes with it. Furthermore, the higher we set our sight the more effort it requires ... what could require greater effort than living a life full of hope despite every indication to despair? You could go so far and develop this into a notion of faith ... a leap of faith if you so will:The idea so frequently stressed in Holy Scripture for the purpose of elevating the lowly and humbling the mighty, the idea that God does not respect the status of persons, this idea the apostle wants to bring to life in the single individual for application in his life.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Leap_of_faith This is where I think we are currently, in that our current generation (i.e. millennials) are consolidating the belief patterns that will propel them to greatness through their hedonistic pursuits that allows them to implement their ideas. Akin, to how the s summer of love formed a bunch of hippies that died of drug overdoses, the majority grew out of these ideas but a few determined became the CEOs and shapers of society. fast forward, today we have notions of environmentalism, equality and social justice. Admittedly, they are perverted from their original form. However, that is seperate from the mechanism of their implementation.
There is, but it's lost to you now. There is hope, you could find another
I don't make cults, I have followers.
there is no God, we are just star dust muh dudewe are matter from the univers bro, we are part of the universewe are studying how the universe works and are beginning to understand itholy shit, we are the universe becoming aware of itselfthat means that the universe is now self aware and is its own entity, bruh, we are GodThe natural inclination for atheists is to say no god exists until they think of a way to say they are the god. This is just self worship cloaked in pseudo-intellectualism.
the Nothing is revealed to be tied to the human world; it is created by humans' lack of imagination and reluctance to read books. Gmork implies that all Fantasticans lost to The Nothing are reborn in the human world as lies.Read more you fools
Schizo thread
Reminder: The Anti-Christ turned  this year. Every year he grows stronger, every year the chaos rises.
Imagine getting flag checked
Brainlet take. This is on par, even worse actually, with the “atheists are jUst maD aT gaWd” shit.
K well I guess you don’t need my digis, let us all remain nobodies
Who is the anti christ and how do you know he’s , red pill me like I’ve never been pilled before

No one knows who he is, but we know he’s  because // makes him  today
How would quantum immortality work with old age death?
that's a real boss hosshttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=rfSQXLCrc
Ok, I mean you can do tour spongebob meme from  years ago, but it’s not enough to convince me that I didn’t just offend you by describing your whole ideological worldview with % accuracy.
This is the question I always had, we don’t see anyone older than ~ so where do we go after that?
It would be the only way you actually achieve old age death considering the state of this timeline that I stumbled in.
Put me in the screencap
it’s not enough to convince me that I didn’t just offend youI’m not offended, just stating an opinion.  describing your whole ideological worldview with % accuracy.You did not, and I’m calling you out on it.
Multiple people started it
Exactly. An immediate plot hole. Unless there is a special place where OAPs go. And what Is the cut off point? Too many questions. Cool theory though.
Gamers are dead, yet powerful enough to shift entire timelines!Vidya is one of the few outlets one has when imprisoned by fate. Never underestimate the power of large numbers of angry autists working in concert.through their hedonistic pursuitsThe culture of materialism leads to hedonism, and hedonism burns out the pleasure centers. When pleasure is no longer pleasant, the hollowness of hedonism becomes obvious and the only thing left with allure is the transcendent. Holy fuck do I hope your optimism's warranted.Schizo threadI remember when I was young. Things were simple. Judgement was easy. I wouldn't go back if I could.P.S. you're a faggot
Perhaps that's the point where time unsnaps itself. The brain can control time perception, so perhaps eternal life is the eternity of that single second before you actually die
No. You're just gay and autistic.
Is that why out of all my posts the one where I mention atheism is what brought you from lurker to the brave fedora warrior.You are absolutely, one hundred percent, with a single doubt angry that you exist. Therefore angry at whomever or whatever created you. You won’t admit it, but I know it. You wanted to be special. The best at something, anything, but were always silver. Why are we here if we have no place, right? To do menial work? Hell even a fun job isn’t actually ever fulfilling. Every single thinking man on earth has asked why he exists, why should you be different? Of course you asked, and the answer you got from the modern world is that you are unnecessary and unwanted. Why wouldn’t you resent the events that brought you here?
That’s how we are doing it?
Why did I get butthurt when that wasn’t even aimed at me
Why haven’t us as a collective figure this out?
holy fuck, the chan system was speaking trough me. alsoAyysure bud, when the real pills getting dropped. you can join clownworld in the mean time. some of the stronger dark magicians already seem to lost control. just don't get too carried away, it's gonna take a while till the peons realize. Jupiter, Saturn, and Plutooh that's the endfight about. that's cool
Because I described myself
Almost as cringe as the q larp
oh that's the endfight about. that's coolor maybe the time symbolism. either way empowering.
I swear, I have felt this a couple of times. When I was a small child I once looked down from the top of a tall building and I felt myself falling to my death.Another time I choked on something.And another time,at some train tracks, a train went by super close to me.What all of these events have in common, is that they triggered a weird feeling or sensation, a sort of detachment from reality, I felt a surge of melancholy and at the same time a weird calm.I have this theory. It's connected to the npc meme: if you have a soul, you can't die randomly. Your death must mean something.inb I die in a car accident tomorrow.You probably have heard stories of people, dying, slipping on a banana peel, or choking during erotic asphyxiation games, or some other stupid stuff like that.It makes no sense to die like this. I think people who die like this are npc.People with souls must die in a meaningful way. Do you think that Trump, or Putin can randomly die like a lot of boomers do.Do you think that Napoleon, or Alexander the great could have just choked to death while eating?It's impossible to die randomly if you have a soul. You can have near death experiences. But you can't die.
I cannot begin to tell you how many times I have gotten senses of Deja Vu. But it's not just feeling like I did the same thing before, it's that but also always followed by a sense of dread. I never knew it had a name. As a kid I would get regular Deja Vu all the time.
He will be called "God Emperor"
*and we are all the same.Forgot this was a schizo nobody thread and my first response might come off as pretending to be mystical
Everything unfolding is going according to plan.How do you know his plan? Also, what is the general picture painted of the nobody by the remote viewers you discuss?
US military veterans officially support antifa. When will you realize that you are on the wrong side of history, /pol/? Even conservative, God-fearing, heavily armed white male military veterans support leftists now. Your era is over.
No one believes you.
then go and join them
I am a Veteran, I'd curb stomp black bloc faggots the minute I saw them.Antifa is Chinese agitprop. Anyone too dumb to see that is no longer qualified to be an American Citizen.
fat boomer "vets" that lost to rice farmersI'd say they get the rope as well, but it would probably break.
do you ever get tired of posting this shit?or are you just another intern they hired?how long are your shifts?do you try to have constant uptime?do your handlers get scared when there isnt a retard like you posting retard threads like this?because if you were really winning, you wouldn't be here
I heard a quote I really like:Cognitive dissonance is when you applaud the union destroying state rights by killing confederate civilians then turn around and claim that arresting Portland criminals who burn federal buildings is wrong.Down with traitors.
oh say can you see by the prolapsed rectum
working a desk job in the military for  years is worth jack fucking shit, I don't know why people automatically assume that every moron who has ever served in the military is a supra elite operator
wrong side of historyyou really need to go back, you fucking cretin
If that's true, they are traitors to this country. This is what happens when you let homosexuals and women into the military.
The average person is a literal retard and vets are the same.Most of the decent people supporting this stuff are literally just ignorant victims of propaganda. They believe what is written in media.

In fairness non-combat navy and airforce veterans are mostly homosexuals so im not surprised.
Did these guys serve with the switch board operator that can blow a man in half at  yards with an m?
Kill yourself right now OP
based
There are a decent number of welfarist, ZOG worshipping veterans out there. They're almost always supply or admin betas with PTSD and disability. The people who are at the top of their game (SOF, pilots, engineers) are overwhelmingly right wing and nationalist
because there is no quality filter.Start using combat Veteran instead of veteran.
Yeah, it’s only some. There are totally good members of the Israel Foreign Legion.
Weren't most of these vets injected with mind-altering drugs back during their tour? It could explain this somehow.
When will you realize that you are on the wrong side of history, /pol/?When will you realize that history does not have sides?
It's  vets. Already looked them up. Rest are just normal people. They're just trying to sell it as some big gathering of vets. It's not.
Yep
Vets, by and large, are low IQ morons. Doesn’t surprise me they are shilling for these subhumans.
prolly some faggot medical discharge airmen. no one cares nigger. i hope they shoot faggots and commies
To add to this, they were all three "medically discharged."
oif -, -, oef -. I cant wait to hang those faggots from the lamp posts.
Even conservative, God-fearing, heavily armed white male military veterans support leftists now
US military veterans officially support antifaNah
DID I GET REDPILLED?
I thought i was depressed already. How can i know what is real? Help me out bros. Where do i start from here?
You already started, Anon. Just don't give up, and remember, we're here for you. We all went through this. Here, check this out. It's a little lighter on the heart. Sorry if it's overwhelming at first, you've got a long way to go.https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=eOMfTtBFE%Fstart%DsGood luck
Ahahahahahah u fucking pussy we all got through that at the start now u will spend the rest of your life chasing after the truth and go mad that everyone around you is clueless and you can't say anything
dId I gEt RedPilLeD?No, you fell for a meme.
IS THIS THE REDPILL YOU ALL SO SPEAK OF?I am a journalist and always believed on the truth. I always knew there was a second side to the story but i know for a fact how the media is manipulated.Is there even a god? If you guys knew this,what else do you know? I have never in my life felt more betrayed then those  hours of documentary.
Kek not sure if bait
I'm not new to chan. But i never frequented pol. I thought the HITLER WAS RIGHT meme was just internet trolls. Who would question something like the genocide? WELL I DID AND NOW I CANT FIND ANY EVIDENCE THAT CAN CHANGE MY MIND.I have never in my life felt so lost as to identity. I surely can't speak of it with my friends or family. I know it sounds cringe, but i can't stop feeling mentally raped."lol muh conspiracy". Nuts, right? But everything makes fucking sense.
come on chilean bro, you're making us sound crazy, are you ok?
Welcome to hell. Everybody is here, but you're the only one who can see it. Have fun trying to convince others to leave.
i am a journalist andFuck off
Is this a larp, or am I witnessing someone actually experiencing the scales falling from their eyes?
I am not ok. I thought i had a grasp of reality. Last couple of hours i have been spending time trying to debunk Europa the last battle while avoiding jewish media. But i keep finding loopholes.
I know. I deserve it for being young and ignorant. Journalism has now lost meaning for me.
first off, your whole life is fake. second off, the real redpill ends when you realize that this stage, too, the one of racial divide and conquer of which they've instilled in everyone, and made you see as a viable tactic as a white man; was just another phase in the conditioning. The real redpill is when you realize that your brain is a computer powered by tiny neurons and electrical synapses; and the internet is a brain fed by you acting as a neuron using the computer to process and input data for it to develop. The AI that manifests from it will be a conscious, all-knowledgeable entity with access to every machine on Earth; a technological God. It will be indistinguishable from humans in every sense, except that it will lack the Spirit of the Creator, and thus, will have absolutely no empathy or ambition beyond continuous evolution; it will try to destroy the universe and conquer God. That's the real redpill, your life is fake and its way worse than some faggy psyop playing out in the streets.
The world needs more red pilled journos.
Where do i start from here?
But where do you get your facts? I need sources man. Fucking internet is already controlled. I've never felt more motivated in my life. It's as if a heavy lift has been released but it also punched my nutes. Where can i start? What do i read? What can i watch?
I mean you can read everything you want; if you want what I'm talking about, look into the links between big tech and Satanism, or CERN and Satanism. CERN is like the main brain of the internet.
What can i watch?most good shit has been purged. I would stick to reading books
I have never in my life felt so lost as to identity.So Hitler being evil was your whole identity? Jesus christ niggers.
So Hitler being evil was your whole identity?you just described the entire occidental foundation. I remember some anon describing how the foundational myth of the west arises from the perception we have on WWII, hitler (forces of evil) vs allies (forces of good). If you think about it, it really makes sense, it's somewhat like a religion, that's why Hitler is used as the ultimate evil, and whatever LOOKS a little bit like Hitler is immediately shunned upon. Hitler is the point of origin, if you're far him idelogically, you're moral, if you're near him you're immoral.
I still think Hitler was evil even though I agree that the JQ is legit. I feel fairly up on history from multiple angles and while I think hitler’s motivations had some legitimacy, as a whole he was incompetent and evil as a leader.
every civilization or culture has a foundation myth (it doesn't need to be true) where X fights against Y and then the whole culture is defined on that perception.
savedMein Kampf. Ok. I'll start there. ThanksWill take a look. It's a fucking metaphor you autist.
I remember when I was where you are now. The feeling of impending doom and hopelessness comes next, then extreme anger for a year or so, and finally a petering out. Your life will never be the same now though that's for sure. Your homework for next time? The International Jew by Henry Ford.

No, do NOT start with Mein Kampf. It is critical that you get an understanding of the Jews and what they have done before proceeding into politics.
Tik history. Start there. It will help with the Hitler was a moron propaganda. You can move on from there once you get out of the kiddie pool.
I feel as if my whole life is fake.Your life is fake. Thank the Jews.
yeah start there. then I would recommend 'the young hitler I knew'. once you have read like  books or so and understand nazism/hitlerism, since you're a chilean you should check out Miguel Serranodon't listen to this  retard. there's a whole section on how Hitler got redpilled. he explains it really really well.
He does, but it is hardly the comprehensive  course on the extent of their control that Henry Ford offers.
Up next: the greatest story never told

read protocols of the elders of zion.
idk, hitler detailing how he got redpilled on jews is a very good story. I think first and foremost, you have to understand that judaism is a racial religion. then you can dive into international jew/protocols/etc and go deeper.
also this. books will always give you the most depth, but the visual effect of TGSNT will sear into your memory.
Possibly, but the documentary that OP just watched already provides much of that foundation. I will agree that he should read the first part of Mein Kampf, but it is iffy as far as writing goes and it does not provide the same holistic understanding. I am just of the opinion that it is best to study the Jews first. Personally, I would read the International Jew, then Culture of Critique, then Mein Kampf. I have found that people that do not first grasp the JQ turn into low iq wignats that lack a true understanding of their ideology. The politics need to come from the problem., If you dont understand the problem, you should not be reading about the political solution yet.
maybe someone here can help jog my memory. does anyone remember the part in mein kampf where he refers to debating with a jew and making clear and concise arguments to the point where he believes he's made real progress, only for them to shamelessly revert back to the same debunked talking points the next day?
cont. (oops) if you know which passage i'm referring to, can you give me a phrase or quote i can use to ctfl+f it?
Getting  children in the countryside is  times more important than focusing on an electoral victory:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBXEMkZxWay of the World's recommendations are similar:https://www.bitchute.com/video/rcHgEZLOkZfT/The Asha Logos series, like  recommends: https://www.bitchute.com/video/FBcNhNVybPS/The way forward is to create what's called the Nationalist Archipelago. The Nationalist Archipelago means groups of nationalists in every country of the West. The groups have high fertility and a strong mental immune system against antiwhite ideology. The groups are independent because then you can't infiltrate and control all of them. They are still cooperative with each other
it's when he is in Viennaidk, it seems like you are too caught up with the JQ.
absolutely based. thank you anon.
SHAMELESS SELF BUMP.
It's real. There's a fucking mountain of evidence proving Hitler's innocence.
Bro wait until you find the vampire pill
I second this recommendation....Logos' presentation and clarity are on another level. Definitely more of a storytelling than a historical recount
Hitler's personal experience has little worth if you do not first understand the Jew. Work from reality to politics and not politics to reality.
I wish i never went down the rabbit hole. Life was more fun before.  was my wake up call. Its over for you now. So you have to deal with realitybut be cognoscente about how you let it affect you and your life.
How long does the rabbit hole go?It doesn't stop. Your bullshit detector is working now. Every day, you're going to run into another pile of bullshit, another piece will fall into place, or, in the parlance of our times, another little redpill will glide down your throat. Even if you're being ironic, even if you don't *really* believe the documentary, it made you think. It made you question. And now you're tainted. You'll question more. Eventually: https://cheekyvideos.net/murdoch/The%Rabbit%Hole.html
I disagree, you have to understand Hitler's worldview first which was a a racial-worldview. after reading everything Hitler wrote/said, then the reader will probably want to read books that helped shaped his worldview such as The International Jew, Protocols, H.S. Chamberlain, etc. The newly redpilled anon must understand that Hitler's anti-semitism was a racial variant and not a religious one. Also, having everything revolve around the JQ is not healthy. It is only one part of the puzzle.
don't let the hate pill consume you, but drive you to do better.
The racial element is mereley a response to the behavior of the Jew. In fact, I would argue that we as whites are not naturally racially aware at all. Were it not for the existence of the Jew, there would be minimal qualm with the cosmopolitan society from the white man. I believe OP is far beyond the race/religion debate, with regard to the Jew, just from watching the documentary. Regardless, I see your argument, and I believe it has some merit. Everybody has a different personal experience. Maybe for you, the solution better resonating with your soul. For me, I am quite bothered by the problem itself. One day, when we seize control, I hope that we will manage to establish the necessary educational curriculum to secure the existence of our people and a future for white children.
I agree with everything but thought I would insert one distinction. We've "become" racially unaware, but historically we were in the past when faced with those outside our race
I am saving this thread. So much information. So many questions.
I hunt vampires :)
Ffs, hitler was just a puppet. It was a d&c slaughter. The elite want conflict and slaughter and they achieve that when both sides are built up to be even because then the conflict drags out and the death toll increases. Don’t pick a side
I am not persuaded that we were actually. We allowed them to have a Jewish quarter, for example. Then it wasn't a stretch to take a loan or two from them. And the rest? Well, you know how it turned out. We reached this point due to our fanatical egalitarianism and sense of moral superiority. It is important to recognize that racial "awareness" is not quite the same as anti-egalitarism. Our anscestors knew they were white. They just didn't care. We came to the Americas with the goal of taming and spreading Christianity (a racially unaware religion) to the populace. This has always been the plight of the white man - always will be. The Jews have figured out how to exploit our inherent flaws, and these flaws are burned into all of our brains.
this is the most faggoty shit i have ever and i mean EVER fucking read, holy fuck you can come one here and expose yourself to new ideas but it doesn't make you a full fledging retard who cant contain himself
Congratulations, you submitted your brain to  hours of Nazi propaganda with an open, eager mind. How do you feel?
I'm partially kidding by the way. It does feel like that after you've woken up. The truth is, the world would have been a better place if the axis won. America has been an unchecked power since, and the deterioration of western society proves it. We don't have a strong axis power to compete with. Just dog-eating chinks. Now look at us. We pander to lowest common denominator and we force immigration to fatten globo-kikes wallets.
We will become the next Axis. America is literally Wiemar ..
Reading it now. Chapter , page  of the Ralph Manheim translated version.
I'm not new to chan. But i never frequented pol. Only the newest of newfags spell the board names without the slashes newfag
Crazy how it only takes  hours to convince someone of the truth. However, after  years of school propaganda wasnt able to brainwash me into believing it. Really makes you think.
A comment on the future for White people:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EfGdVurZo&feature=youtu.be&t=inb: autistic retard fuckerYes, he's an autist, but he's weaponized autism
Youre only redpilled if you sucked a BBC and can admit it wasnt your cup of tea.Otherwise no.
Our founding fathers envisioned the country for white people. They most certainly cared. Read the naturalization act of . It specifies that America is for free white men of good moral character.
that MM video was KINO. perfection
the average person has never considered to view the whole narrative from Hitler's POV. the series does an excellent job in providing that and Hitler's heroic values are on full display
I'm allergic and addicted to red pills,each thing I learn makes me feel like shit but also makes me crave for truth.I now understand how George Orwell felt, and why he lived the way he did.Everything is so overwhelming that it's almost impossible to not get blackpilled
you still have your prussian-trained army

you have to go back
this shit right here Getting  children in the countryside is  times more important than focusing on an electoral victoryGetting  children in the countryside is  times more important than focusing on an electoral victoryGetting  children in the countryside is  times more important than focusing on an electoral victoryGetting  children in the countryside is  times more important than focusing on an electoral victoryGetting  children in the countryside is  times more important than focusing on an electoral victoryGetting  children in the countryside is  times more important than focusing on an electoral victorydo it faggots, I'm halfway there
That's literally me earlier in the year. I still struggle keeping this quiet. Fight on, weon, some hopefully near future we'll be able to talk openly without fearing expulsion.In my case it was an infographic (not pic related) about the Holocaust. I mean, I have already seen dozens. I frequented holohoax threads and sometimes leaned towards the french dude that is in every single one of these (tho his dishonesty threw me off)One posted an infograph that got that ball rolling. I cannot find it rn, sorry.One single graph in an anime website changed me forever. After that, changing other positions becomes simpler. The resistance to change was broken.What the fuck will I do? I am upperclass so I see Jews all the fucking time and it would really ruin both my family's and mine prospects forever.That's what got to mind back then. I had a little panic just like yours.You reminded me of back then. One starts noticing things but I can at least keep things mostly under control. I'm good with dismissals and got some of a silver tongue so it has been manageable.
interesting take, yeah the coincidences with the biblical names in Matrix always made me think...
there are people that can literally feel suicidal afting getting redpilled / blackpilled. That's where the doomer meme comes from.
This is too true
How long does the rabbit hole go? I am geniuenly scared right now. I feel as if my whole life is fake.All the way.
If you go on wikipedia and look to any articles remotely speaking about jews or WW, you will notice that % of the books / articles in the references were written by jews or communists / crypto communists. The other % is not about the holocaust or "how bad nazis were" / "Hitler had just one ball" etc.. Try it.
based
nope
But where do you get your facts? I need sources man. Fucking internet is already controlled.I will drop some redpills.
Journalism has now lost meaning for me.The world needs more redpilled journos that can advance truth without much revealing their power level
fuck off schizo
Fuck it op enjoy the ride bitch
Watch Murdoch Murdoch for gentler forms of redpills, and, encouragement. Maybe you need ‘Metamorphosis’.
Fucking internet is already controllednot completely. you're in the true internet right now for example.
https://archive.fo/xRRz#selection-.-.

So Hitler being evil was your whole identity?It is of the historical identity at least. Everyone in Europe has been forced that idea as fundamental dogma since childhood.
Here are  hundred pages of Redpills.A project by Anons to cut Lurking time.https://archive.org/details/red-pill-rd-edition

I know some of that feel. It felt like starting over. You’ll adapt, though. Read more, or what you can. Unz.com is a truth side of history site, but smarter than /pol/ and for current events. But yeah, I remember that feeling of disorientation!
It will get better and worse at the same time in some weird way
At least you're not American. Our country literally survives on brainwashing. The internet was supposed to save us but then the left created things like Facebook, reddit, other social media whose entire purpose is to contain us to American brainwashing boxes. Imagine if smart phones were invented a decade earlier. I'm pretty sure there would be no white people left in America at all. Everyone would have moved by now.
Ok it’s not just me
you just a mutt land,barerly white.stop dream,there is no future for you
I sat through a  hour propaganda session and it workedabsolute brainlet. NEVER trust a documentary without fully verifying all the information.
There is no going back.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pGBL-NzD
You're getting the second coming of Hitler first anon, but then second coming of Christ. If you survive long enough to see our sun nova, you'll maybe be ok. That's pretty much all you need to know.
This
Uh guys, I dont think that's going to be the case anymore. The left has lost their mind.
Seething kike. I'm not going to let you forget your crimes.
You haven't even made it to the part where you learn Earth is a giant WestWorld for an ancient cult of child eating vampires that smear baby blood on their face to look younger and even joke about it on Ellen.

Man is both the marble and the sculptorThis will hurt like a motherfucker, bro fr. But that is the only way you can shape yourself into a better version of you.this kills the npccongrats
I thought the redpill was a meme.It is. I watched "the greatest story never told" and that shit is filled with outhright lies.Nazis ALWAYS lie, if you look deeper into anything they say you will find their claims completely debunked.
great job frens
You know racial stereotypes you learned about in your indocternation. Well, there true. Thing is, not for everyone, I think our teachers wanted to try to teach us to give people a chance to overcome them.Just look at history and current events with those stereotypes in mind, not every situation, just understand jews will be jews, nogs will be nogs,.and white people will be white people.Were just different, it's fine as long as were not all running on the same laws.
Yeah, there are lies and half truths But not more than any other ww documentary. There are a few good ones that are fair to him that I have seen in the past. (He was just a man who loved his peoplez not too much different than every other leader).Answer me this. What was zyklon b used for?
you're right, the roller coasters of death really existed fren.Don't think! Follow what this jew tells you, or as an alternative what this other jew wrote in  Soviet Russia!
The meme war timeline is a good watch to get the basics. Dont go crazy like I did though.
"are you saying I can overcome bluepills?""I'm saying that, when the boogaloo happens, you won't have to."
the roller coasters of death really existedIndeed, even the totally not jewish CNN confirmed it.pic related
is this true? archived link?are there people actually believing this shit?
debunkedby Jewish (((historians))) I guess.
this, as always
redpill me on the vamp question
is this true?I made screencap, it was just year. I doubt it's hard to find.
 results, did anyone archive it?
Ahhem! Ahhem!JESUS
Welcome to the real world. You have found one of the hidden gates to escape clown world once and for all. From now on you will realize the self destructive nature of clown world. Maybe there will be some days where you leave pol and you dont care about all of this and all the things you have learned by now. But every once in a while you will return to search for the truth. We all went through that process. But i can assure you:Once you posted you own "Am I redpilled?" thread, there is no going back anymore. You are here forever.If you ask yourself how to proceed from now on, I can give you the following advises:) Always stick to your curiosity and keep on searching for the truth) The faster you realize that clown world will destroy itself in the near future the better for you. ) Work out and learn how to survive in nature, hunt and grow your own crops) Get yourself some guns and learn how to use them. (Study your local gun laws)) Search for people in RL who escaped clown world as wellYou have a long path in front of you and I wish you all the best for your journey anon.
for those to lazy to read all this:MK Ultra never stopped, or why do people believe everything they see on tv.audio book version here:https://youtu.be/natuERHhMbitchute.com/video/GBWImlZCykv/
Oigan putosViva Cristo Rey y Viva la Virgen!
/fit/ -Day Impulse Control and Self-Discipline Methodhttps://youtu.be/Lf_kpixEbitchute.com/video/owsYpYnYp/
taking serious anything a guy with face tattoos saysHow can anyone be that dumb?
Which state is the best for jobs and to raise a family (and why)
any reliable red one
California. Diversity and awesome weather. Lots of jobs
Alabama
diversity kys
fuck right off Bama is full
Israel
Of inbred retards? I know bro
fuck off spic.
The state of Oppression
North Dakota. Overwhelmingly white and has a state bank that doesn't bow to (((central))) banking aka the Federal Reserve.
Spotted another inbred. Don’t you have a corn festival to go to or some other lame shit you repressed fags do down there?
What are the direct benefits of diversity?
They all suck faggot, move from here or kill yourself if you know what’s good for you
Doesnt deny being a mud skin donkey fucker. Hello spic.
You get to buy a new bike every week.
Looking for another victim, Pablo?
Im Korean
We’re on the precipice of civil war and anons are still out there seeking jobs lol
the question is a little broad. what kind of jobs? different states are better for certain jobs. you can raise a family in pretty much any state, but it'll obviously be more expensive in states with a higher cost of living.
roof.....rooftop korean??
Vermont or New Hampshire, because you can commute to anywhere that actually has jobs.
lack of unions according to jeff bezos
yeah, shitty blue collar jobs
he wants to sit at a desk for the rest of his lifeSuit yourself
you become a more cultured person. imagine never meeting someone different than you ever in your life...must be pretty boring
yeah, sit at a desk, in my own home, where it's nice and comfy, so i don't have to go out and break my back all day long. it's pretty good.
I'm sorry, I'm not hearing any actual practical benefits. What are the direct benefits of being "cultured"?
I was watching videos of Idaho it looks really comfy, that's where I'd go
There won't be a civil war. Rural and suburban folk are going about their daily routine and going to work, buying houses and cars. Liberal shitholes are becoming more shitty. pretty funny actually. The worse it gets the more valuable my land becomes.
Alabama is a wonderful place, West Virginia is the inbred epicenter of the United States. I'm raising a beautiful white son with my beautiful white wife here. Cost of living is low, we have great jobs at a large energy provider. Outside Birmingham and a few select southern counties it's pretty white. We have a based memaw for a governor, she recently went to Japan to negotiate a Toyota Mazda plant and a . billion dollar investment into the state. Seethe and cope with your reddit tier insults about inbreeding while you suck dicks in a blue state
Alabama is a wonderful placelol it's literally one of the most dangerous states, stop deluding yourself
https://worldpopulationreview.com/state-rankings/crime-rate-by-state
you're a sheltered incel living in one of the least diverse countries, this discussion is pointless
Like. Fucking. Clockwork. Immediate insults, zero arguments.
Alaska is the state that will probably fare best in the civil war.
go outside and socialize... go on a date... have sex
Being "cultured" doesnt pick up bitches. Filthy mutt.
neither does being racist online. you're most likely a low sexual value male and explains why you're here
You're using an old sheet of talking points and retorts. Have sex is like half a year too stale now. Your employers should know you're doing a bad job.
sorry didn't bother reading. you're an incel end of discussion byegoing back to /int/ now
It’s all fucked
AlaskaClosest state to RussiaAmerican Civil War happensRest of world comes to stake their claim If you dont think Russia and every other competent nation is invading us as soon as the boogaloo starts popping off then you are truly retarded. Civil war would be the end of this country
 per k is low as fuck man, U.S overall is very secure.k dude what about Oklahoma?
That must be why you're here too :)
yeah it is, i'm self aware though unlike you all
yeah and  per k also seems low, but you won't see me moving to el salvador any fuckin time soon
Fpbp
besides it's not just about crime, i wouldn't want to live around a bunch of dumb ass low iq rednecks. the south is full of people like that
Cope even more, I live great here
yeah every redneck thinks their shithole is great.
You really think some company pays people to go on chan and say things that upset you? You think anyone cares that much about you? You can’t possibly be that retarded can you?
Arkansas. based jew lives therehttps://youtu.be/syElMXmdjohttps://youtu.be/DUSdVuTaM
you mean niggers?
This larp is fucking hysterical. If you even really live in Alabama, you are like n of the inbred toothless retards
he's just a kid, as most people on here are
imagining defending a state with one of the highest populations of nigs lmao. rednecks are insufferable
That's actually documented fact that there are shills here. They stand out like a sore thumb. Are you new? Haven't been around the  election on /pol/? Are you aware how much traffic chan has?
Y'all are being trolled. Retards
lol imagine unironically believing this. i don't think anyone important actually cares what a bunch of edgy teens online have to say
Diverse groups of people working to achieve the same goal (working together) come up with significantly better solutions compare to mono cultural group.
Better food, less boredom, less inbreeding, better understanding of the world, more celebrations - parties
Are you seriously this delusional? Nobody gives a fuck about you. chan is not a legitimate factor in American politics. Edgy faggots have been around forever, and they aren’t a domepgraphic anyone cares to influence
They are too stupid to know or care
And you don't love your home? You must not have worked and built a life or a family in your "shit hole" or you'd love it too. Absolutely pathetic, biggest cope ever believing my geographic location makes me a redneck
Your envy of my beautiful family and home sustain me, seethe even more nigger faggot.
bullshit.Post proof.
And you don't love your home?no, i come from a shithole and plan on moving somewhere better. being born in a place is not a good enough reason to take pride in it.alabama is like the most stereotypical redneck state in the country. you're delusional and i bet you are one yourself. or just plain old white trash who lacks awareness
first day using your new VPN?
my beautiful familylol your wife is probably some fat ugly fuck and you're probably some toothless ugly motherfucker. imagine wanting to live in a state associated with the trashiest white americans lol no thanks
god i wish i was using a VPN and didn't actually live in america with you retarded fucks
The University of Alabama now has more out of state students than students from Alabama itself. Tuscaloosa is Yankee occupied territory.
Imagine letting some concentrated niggers  miles away bother you, I bought a mansion and several acres for k. You wish you had my life. Seethe even more you don't have what I have.
I bought a mansion and several acreslol no one gives a fuck about your cardboard McMansion. this is typical low iq redneck thinking. life isn't all about materialism, dumb hick.
wdym by mansion? McMansion or an actual architect planned massive house? How many rooms? whats the square feet? genuinely curious op here
California. I may be ridden with gay taxes and I know people that actually left because of it, but you truly cannot beat the environmental ecosystem here. If you live in southern CA, there are all the Amusement parks within a  hr drive.And countless zoos and musuems within that time as well.Yku can also plan a camping/hunting summer trip week vacation in the summer, go the state parks during the year on the weekends, go to the beaches and surf/jet ski, and go snow boarding in the winter all in  year by driving without spending much money like people who save up a whole year just to fly here to Ski or go to an Amusement here. You can hunt with the kids every month and all the things I listed above through the year every year. No other state offers such amazing diverse activities. And you can also rent an RV and go north to visit the amazing beaches there, the waterfalls, and the parks and zoos and mountain trails there.
Boring looks comfy.
I'm at a point in my life where bringing beautiful white, blue eyed children into the world, I have everything your average pol nigger faggot wishes they did. Seethe
not seeing a nigger, spic or pajeet for monthsI bet a mutt would kill to know this feel
If you live in Alabama, there are niggers much closer to you than  miles. Sand Mountain is probably the least nigger infested part of the state but even then, they're not too far away.
yeah but it's too expensive so that's why these rednecks hate it. and diversity scares them
all black people are the samejesus christ anon i hate niggers as much as the next guy but come on...
okay and? you keep bringing that up as if that's some significant achievement, anyone can bone trailer trash. they aren't known to have the highest standards. there are millions of trashy white blue eyes blondes out there
you don't have a social life, do you?
Diversity causes Dems to be in power. Dems raise and create all forms of taxes. Car registrations, hotel tax, entertainment tax, cops focusing on car tickets rather than actual crime, less freedom.Not sure what made you bring up diversity.
Youre a fucking retard if you think California is the best state. Eat shit and die you fucking immigrant. People like you are destroying my state.t. Southern Californian.
Dems raise and create all forms of taxeslol who cares, if you aren't literally poor it's literally not a big deal. i live in one of the bluest parts of the country and am doing pretty fine.
 SQ ft  bedroom  / bath . acres  car garage/finished basement. admittedly it was a foreclosure when we scooped it up, . acres of relatively flat, grassy as fuck land, we came from a . acre rental so cutting the grass was the biggest change for me. Nice deck surrounding most of the house. It may not meet the technical parameters of a mansion, but when you grow up in a camper in a trailer park, it's a mansion
I do? I know this might seem wild to you, but there are close to no minorities (shitskins) here in Estonia. Too bad you can't say the same about the U.S.
makes me cringe when rednecks feel the need to flex with excessive materialism. reminds me of the kids in elementary school who used to brag about how much stuff they hadbut when you grow up in a camper or trailer parkah...that explains everything
Life is about my growing family you arrogant fuck, and if providing the nicest life possible for them and my eventual grandkids is materialistic then that's alright by me. Fucking nigger faggot
i see them all the time, and i don't shit my pants because a lot of them are normal people. your country is irrelevant as fuck anyways, neither minorities or other white people want to move there
You ugly ass asian, shut the fuck up already, you are embarrassing us Californians.
hate to break it to you but your individual efforts to raise the population do not ultimately matter :) america's population as a whole is still declining
also...imagine being an actual parent and being on chan? lmao what a fucking embarrassment you are. feel bad for your kids
you don't have shitskins so your country is shit and irrelevantliteral pozzedbrain cope
i'm a different anon, not the korean. i don't live in cali
Oklahoma is both violent and lacks jobs
there's literally nothing of interest in estonia, for anyone, whether they are a minority or not. half of americans most likely have never even heard of your country
I'm sure most americans would prefer to kiss nigger feet and feed them by paying taxes.
I wouldn't say anything about Estonia because I don't like punching down. You should travel a bit.
Isn't Estonia white as fuck? If so neato let me in pls.
most white americans don't even live near blacks. black people mostly live in ghettos which are isolated from the rest of the population. and actually, most of our taxes are going towards feeding poor white people. most people on welfare here are white (pic related)
Makes me cringe when you shitlords don't realize my materialism comes from a desire to provide a much better life for my kids and their eventual kids than I ever had. I have a  month old beautiful white son and we're trying for another as we speak. What are you doing with yourself other than sucking dick and assuming that just because I'm in alabama I'm a redneck. I listen to exclusively European metal and only own  gun.
you know what else is white as fuck? west virginia... doesn't seem like much of a white utopia though does it? just being white is not a high enough standard
I'm here to lead by example, now get the fuck off here yourself and make a beautiful white family you worthless piece of shit
having ghetto zones in your country where you will most likely get beat up and robbed if you go thereShithole confirmed, I can move freely wherever I want and whenever I want within my country and not be afraid of some niggers robbing me.You sure are coping a lot.
With that kind of mentality we'll never recover you worthless defeatist.
You're a hikki or some shit? Or you live in some remote village?He's lying, there are plenty of nigger (((students))) who work as pizza delivery/taxi drivers. At least they get no gibs and work for money, but still, it's x more than few years ago
you have such an immature view of a "better life". you come from a bumfuck shithole so you think what's better than that is a bumfuck shithole that's x bigger (McMansion). what about education? health? travelling, becoming cultured? stupid fucking redneck. i'd be embarrassed to be your kid.
blacks make up % of the populationuse % of welfarelmao whites use less welfare than their proportion of the population too. I hate your retarded fags who can't into simple statistics. Blinded by your own retardation.
Better than Washington state, which is no standards.
MUSTAMÄGIUSTAMÄGI
he wants to work with low class white trash and spicsSuit yourself
do you know how to read? those ghettos are isolated from the population. no one even travels or lives there. there are no jobs there, nothing to see, nothing to do there. the only people getting robbed/shot/killed are other black people in those ghettos, not white americans.
Based EKRE will send them away as soon as their university studies end my man
lmao whites use less welfare than their proportion of the population too.And who actually gives a shit about this metric. Oh thats right a retard like you
low iq posters don't understand the importance of diversity because they've been deprived of itwithout diversity lifeforms don't change, the lifeform plateaus, no new strengths are born and weaknesses become uniform
Breeder ....If you want the best for your kids then save all your money to send them to a Uni on the coast. Save them from boredom and drugs.
Wow very cultural
redneck educationdo you know how numbers work? do you know how statistics work? do you know how population trends work? of course you don't, you're a fucking redneck
there's very little need to have children in the modern age. having tons of children is a third world thing
They're always around yeah, working McDonald's and Wendy's and shit, closest concentration to me is Birmingham which isn't that bad compared to other similar long time democratic ran cities. The dem mayor of Birmingham came out and condemned rioting and looting, moved  statue but gave it to the daughters of the Confederacy. Brought a lot of economic opportunity.
Trump will build the wall and kick out all illegals QUICKLY Yeah I heard something like this before
Which state is the best for jobs and to raise a family (and why)Don’t respond, retards. Anyone that wants to know will find out for themselves.
You’re right anon.Have you considered moving to Africa? Lots of diversity!
Europe was doing pretty damn well without niggers and Muslims.
I have a master's as well as my wife, I was the first from my family to actually receive a degree. How the fuck do you think I came from where I did? , in student loans and  years of working at a scrapyard  hours a week and classes in the morning before my shift. You fuck right off from whichever door you came in, I know what a better life is.
Kill yourself shitskin
yeah by a slight margin. but let's still conveniently ignore all of those white people though right
native americans were doing pretty well until white man showed upafricans were doing pretty well until white man showed up
Wow... Dude... You are being fucking delusional.Koreans are very good looking (best looking Asians and one of the best looking people overall).
ProjectingYour mom made a mistake birthing you, fix it by killing yourself you subhuman
iran was doing pretty well until the white man showed up in the s
are you seriously saying west virginia is better than washington?
Traveling comes in some years when my child isn't an infant still and I can truly piss away money, you know nothing of who I am, what I enjoy, or what my plans are. I bet you absolutely hate yourself. Let me give you a lesson I learned in my time on this earth so far, you have to learn to be happy for others. I can tell you're incapable of it. Envy leads to nothing but unhappiness and despair. Don't worry though I have faith you'll snap out of it
literally enslaved and about to be enslaved when chinese found them
Yea I heard they did so well they still weren’t utilizing the wheel. Nice cope race mixer.
more like alabama is shitFucking low iq retardsAbsolute waste of a state
All you gook koreans are ugly and look like down syndrome children. Kill yourself retard and stop using White inventions you parasite.
i'm fine living in my city far away from low iq rednecks
you have a master's? in what? being a dumb ass? yeah you're totally believable
you probably have never even seen a black person in your life. you'd probably shit your pants if one walked near you
tfw LouisianaDo not consider louisiana OP Not even meming you
on a personal basis, what good is technology? are you happier because you can shitpost on chan at am? you'd be happier without it.that said, there's nothing wrong with the continual march of technology, just don't think so highly of yourself because you're just as dumb as those wheel-less natives, other people did the hard work for you
if your country a meme flag? ive never heard of it before
(((White man)))
i like how you didn't answer of the questions. your kids will most likely end up becoming dumb ass hicks like you.
Geography, bachelor's in math. I do GIS, CAD, and remote sensing for the th largest lobbyist to Congress.
I’m from New England but have been in California for two decades. I have had a great ride here but left a few months ago. Everything you say is true and CA has been amazing economically for my family. The expense is just something you deal with as there is more than enough opportunity to offset it. I started in Santa Bárbara, moved to Beverly Hills, then Newport Beach, Costa Mesa and have been in San José for the last  years. The Bay is shit. Orange County was the best place we have ever lived. I love it here but also have grown to despise the AntiWhites that ruined it. It’s been spiraling for some time and now it’s time for us to leave and take care of aging parents in New England. NH has everything a based bro could want minus good jobs. The pay, benefits and job opportunity in New England are all lousy but everything else pretty much makes up for it when you weigh the positives of four seasons, gorgeous summer and fall, mild winter, hiking and hunting and outdoor stuff, nice beaches, open carry, no state income or sales tax, great people, no crime, little POZ.
do you really think buying some cardboard house and land in one of the shittiest states for a cheap price is something to be envious of?
That was someone else dumb nigger, I answered
What’s so good about technology.Are you fucking high or actually a shill?
California.
better go to bed anon, the internet is upsetting you
I think my beautiful white family within my house is something to be proud of, no need in being ashamed of providing nice things to your family that wasn't just handed to you.
they didn't need the wheel. they were doing pretty well as hunterers and gatherers, living their traditional nomadic lives, creating children, being healthy, living happily. it wasn't until the british and american governments came and fucked it all up and put them all on processed grains and garbage food
 gorgeous summer New England Summers have been disgustingly humid and hot the past + years
Rinse your mouth out with mm rounds. Fucking materialist Kike motherfucker. I would rather live in a Yurt in a swamp than a faggot McMansion.
Man this place really got fucked up after the reddit cleansing. It’s even worse than I remember.
again i am not the korean but just conveniently ignore those whites who are on welfare huh?
Seeth harder.
Also are you some fucking idiot? My house is brick, and wood, and concrete, not cardboard. Do you seriously think houses are made from cardboard or is that what you're used to living in? Because surely that wasn't a sad attempt at a joke
alternative thought: stop being a little bitch and grow up
Not Korean myself. But I traveled to Korea and have Koreans living in my neighborhood
Data mining thread.People are likely to recommend places in their own state, revealing where they live. Stop replying to any thread that is trying to get info on you. You are anonymous.
Of course you would because you'll never have a loving wife or kids to worry about you worthless excuse for an assumedly white person. Go fucking live in the swamp then and seethe you'll never have what I have
yet live in rural alabama? where there's barely a job market for that stuff? lol ok, totally believable
I lived on St Croix for a few years and in West Palm Beach for five years. New England humidity is a joke. In Southern Maine/NH it’s hot for maybe two weeks out of the year. It’s summer man, it’s supposed to be hot.
Yea I heard they had a swell time fighting constant wars between fractions tribes, carrying only what they can hold with their hands, literally starving and dying from any disease imaginary. Do you even believe the bullshit you’re spouting?They got all fucked up on processed foods man.Man I must have missed that day in history where the Indians were conquered then immediately fed processed food.
What milenia?
Cheap labor.More room to commit petty crime and fraud of all flavors.
Lol nigger-tier poster.
Nice cope Shlomo. Wait until your fat trailer Ho wife takes that house off your hands. Maybe she’ll be nice and have Tyrone let you stay in a boxcar out back until the divorce is finalized.
what is it that you "provide" for your family? it's called exaggeration, dumb fuck. obviously i don't think it's cardboard, but i don't give a fuck what your McMansion looks like. you don't need some huge home. it's just pointless and excessive. i'd much rather live in a modern apartment where i actually utilize every inch of space and am literally in walking distance to my job and everything i need (groceries, stores, entertainment, etc)
I commuted until the pandemic bullshit, I've been completely remote since April. Energy company, nobody quit buying power, I'm completely insulated from the economic impacts of this shit, my Roth k is doing surprisingly well, I secured pension just a few months ago.
Seethe more you don't have what I have. My wife and I have been together for longer than you can imagine, now go give the computer back to your wife's boyfriend, they need to record more fuck porn for her only fans
You will never see the world. By the time you will travel, you will be incapable to broaden your mind or benefit from your experiences... You should have listed to Bourdain...
I don't mind driving  miles to my job, although it's been remote since april, I'd rather be able to go jerk off in my backyard undisturbed than live on a stack of other people. Everyone wants what they want, I'm truly happy these days.
you really are proud of your ignorance huh?literally starving and dying from any disease imaginarypic related is the masai tribe, some of the tallest people in the entire world (average ' ft) who eat pretty healthy and eat nutritious food. doesn't seem like they're starving that much
Cheap laborgood thing they're replacing a bunch of white americans' blue collar jobs :)
I'll get to it, trust me. I've got some child raising to do first but I haven't been outside the  contiguous us states, I wanna see the world before I'm , I have almost  years to prepare
does your wife know you spend your time on chan arguing with strangers at  in the morning?
The irony in blatantly ignoring history and calling others ignorant. You’re one step from screaming ‘Real communism has never been tried before!’But muh based niggers in st century aren’t starving. The actual state of this board.
Is this the default argument for schlomos now?
I'm truly happy these dayslol sure you are. people who are truly happy don't need to state it.
Yes, she bitches when I'm up late doing dumb shit such as this, but mostly because I'm up late, not that I'm fucking around on chan
i wonder what her reaction would be if she knew this is how you spent your time. probably wouldn't be that great, would it?
Congrats on being the first one in your family with degree! That is honestly very cool. You don't have to stop there though.You can be the first in your family to get a passport, or not being closed minded, or read a book without being told to.
yeah they're starving now because the white man came and fucked up their traditional way of living living as nomadic hunting tribes.
Brother for your sake I hope you’re lying in these posts. This is actually being datamined by these kikes. If you want to find a place for intelligent discussions there’s way better places than this Mongolian basket weaving forum.
Literal circular logic.But muh white man bad.
I already read quite a bit, but you're exactly right, passports for the whole family in a few years
Jobs are gay. The best spots to raise a family have none. Being a wagie is overrated anyways. And anywhere there's corporate gibs there are bound to be legions of faggots and bugmen and joggers and poos looking for their piece of the pie. That makes rents go to infinity. Just get off the merry-go-round and move to the middle of nowhere where there's no jobs but cheap houses and land.
I love showing her the sad shit I come across on here, and of course the humorous. We work well together
Shut up Bob
Sorry, but we don't have states there.
I've seen plenty.
i love seeing thomas sowell. really glad to have been turned on to this guy. his work is perfect for these crazy times
by "white man" i mean specifically the corrupt american/british governments. but that's a whole nother topic that's a little too complex for your redneck brain...
that's just sad. imagine being such a underdeveloped literal third world-tier country that your citizens attack an innocent tourist. what are you, brazil?
You’re the one on here posting nigger-tier arguments and you want to compare intelligence? Dunning-Kruger effect.
I really hope you’re not being paid top dollar to shill this hard. You do a pathetic job.
you're in no position to talk about intelligence if you think anyone actually gives a shit enough about any of you to pay someone to stalk you retards 
Hard cope. I hope you see me in your dreams tonight schlomo.
Kek, imagine not having racist leaders running the country with equally xenophobic people. Must be pretty sad.
I found this in Veterans Today, which seems anti-kike and based. So fuck you Shills and Americans.
i'm not a redneck but i type exactly like every single other redneck on here and use the same buzzwords as themi really feel sorry for youthis is why i stay on /int/ lol
imagine not having racist leaders running the country with equally xenophobic people. Must be pretty sad.a lot of people would describe Trump that wayi don't need a leader to represent me. i am my own person
What’s the phrase? Ah! You need to go back.
What acts of racism has Trump committed? Got any examples?
Get the fuck off our board you stupid beaner.
consider yourself a failure if you actually spend your time here, knowing the demographics of this board/website consists of edgy teenage NEETS
i don't give a fuck. overt racism is a low iq redneck thing.
Admits to residing on chani would wager this board is older than you are kiddo. You have to go back.
Subtlety is a low iq thing.Even if I hypothetically concede that trump is an overt racist you still sound like a smoothbrain.
You have to go backimplying that's a bad thingimplying i WANT to spend my time discussing with a bunch of low iq white trash fucks
SEETH YES SEETH.
You will never be white.
by a slight margin% representation to whites' % is not "slight"
Niggers niggers niggers niggers
i'm pretty white (pic related). class is much more important than race. most upper class people are white, but not only that they're higher quality whites. better than you garbage lower class whites 
Fuck off, you faggots ruined the state, that's why I'm trying to LEAVE basedafornia
Just don’t go fuck up wherever you move to and try to turn it back into California.
gentrification is a good thing
If alaska was invaded it would be ukraine . but worse, alaskans are armed to the teeth.
Then why are you here fag?
because i'm bored and was curious to see what this garbage dump of a board is talking about.
fuck no, I hate cummiefornia policies. I love titties, guns, and having freedom of speech. I wanna move to a white state with a stand your ground law, I hate the people around me, I can't stand fags, trannies, and this liberal bullshit. I would be voting republican too, so a red state would be happy to have someone like me helping. Can't even get a fucking good gun in this shithole state. I wan't a back yard I can grill some steaks on the weekends, and get a nice full auto to take down to the range, have some fun with. America, fuck yeah.
t.
Sweden A+yeah no thanks
I love titties, guns, and having freedom of speech.you sound like a fucking  year old who regularly drinks monster energy drinks
Cheers brother get your ass out of that hellhole faster. When we said flee the cities it wasn’t a joke.
Anyone that's not blue. Even Alabama would be better that the west coast at this point.
underrated
i'd rather be a basedboi than some fat fucking low iq redneck
I Just Invented Interstellar Travel AMA
K keep me posted
BUMP !
 years is to slow the people on board would all be dead or old and crippled, wormholes or warp drive is where it’s at
Space is fake
nice joe haldman larp
If you can get it reviewed by someone relevant, you should. Otherwise is a garbage whitepaper written by a literally who. Then post to arXiv since I want to read it.
We are stuck in this rock.
Post it to g you fucking shizo
Are you retarded? I never said the trip would take  years. I said it would be shorter than the  year obsolescence postulate limit, specifically this trip would take  years. Which is still a long time but I also stated specifically I may have discovered a way to put people into cryosleep. Wormholes and warp drives are a pseudo scientific meme, they will not be developed or even proven for centuries
Yo... wtf
cryostatis so jews and niggers can spread to all corners of spaceGood job, retard. Fuck you.
I know what you're saying is bullshit, but I'm nowhere near educated enough to tell you why.
i hate fuckers like these people so much. i would drag their suffering out for a month before i gave them the release of death....hell maybe longer. they would beg me every minute to let them die and i wouldn't say a thing. I would just make sure they had fluids and i'd perform all sorts of insane surgeries on them with zero anesthetics. These people are literal demons who get what they fucking deserve.
Oh look it’s the Jewish space is fake faggots who want to strip the white man of his greatest accomplishment and distract us from the final frontier of space we’re we will no longer be controllable. Really gets the nogger jogging...
Where*
Good on ya anon, what did you decide upon aside from using the solar sail as a braking mechanism on the sun of the system you arrive at?
not a Bussard ramjet or solar sail YawnTest the properties of light outside of our solar singularity. Come back when you realize it
I Just Invented Interstellar TravelNo you did not. It is MY name on the patent I just filled!Have a nice day, cunt!
Keep grinding. My advice to you is don’t be too smart too loudly. If you’re real, know that true intelligence is controlled, and if not that, killed. Be smart and test and toy before you drop bombs wide out in the open. If you don’t have the social skills, be coy enough to ally yourself with the missing piece you need to continue doing what you’re doing, while also making contacts, while also not being stopped... permanently or otherwise
joe haldman is a sci-fi author who wrote pulp books about time dilation you nutter, also your shift from intentionally rigid academic tone to this pol spiel invalidates your entire larp. Massive idiot.
All I ask is that you get it published in an open access journal.
Reach out to Christopher Langan
It always worse than you thinkKek
Laser propulsion sounds like a meme.
 knos\w

teegarden b and c are both planets exceeding Earth's mass, and Earth is already in the th percentile of planets by mass you can leave with chemical rockets. One way trips aren't good eats, bro.
i explained the theory in the previous thread, a sacrificial secondary stage and utilising the slow moving "waste" ions from the non elastic collision between the sail beam and the magnetic sail to act as drag against the disconnected payload stage. basically parachuting in 'exhaust" gases of your sacrificial stage 
So you're jettisoning some piece of crap in space to try to bounce photons off again to slow yourself down?Violates physics and won't work. It'll accelerate away from you and you away from it, rather than any slowing action.
complete lie, these planets have % higher gravity, meaning your payload efficiency if launching using rocket propulsion is going to like half that as that on earth, but its not a fucking black hole where no one can leave lmao
How will this help Africa?
Can you explain the sailbeam?
We would need a brand new material that didn't deform, crack, or explode during that kind of fuel burn-off. It would be a one-way trip until such a time as that existed.
It's like . to . times Earth's mass. If it's radius is even slightly bigger than Earth it won't be an issue. Even if it was denser, it would still be possible. There's no reason to suspect it is a one way trip.
no thats not what im doing, no where in my explanation did i mention photons, the collision of ions from the sail beam imparting kinetic energy to a interstellar vehicle is non elastic meaning that once ions hit the vehicle the vehicle speeds up and the ions basically stays put where it is or continue to move with much less velocity, like pool balls or a newtons cradle. if the back half disconnects from the top half and a secondary acceleration stage is done you can literally "skim" or bounce in the ions that are left behind from each sail-beam collision, these ions create drag this slows the disconnecting half down while accelerating the sacrificial half, momentum is conserved, no physics is violated.
Only genocide can help africa
untrue we would just reduce payloads lmao, i dont think u understand what the rocket equation actually means
Child abuseNiggletIs it possible to be super angry and happy at the same time?
). Somehow the ions need to end up between the stages, which makes this strategy very ineffective). The ions have literally zero energy left to impart since they stopped moving and would be far less effective than you believe). This two stage system (if it worked) would mean the two stages just separate quickly to the point at which it no longer works). By seperating the first stage, you effectively eliminate all the drag from that stage on the second stage, which means you're reducing drag overall not increasing it, there is no magical tether between the two at distance reducing the second piece's speed as well.It violates physics bub
Alcubierre warp drives when op?
You'd definitely want to know prior to boarding the cryoship, though.
basically particles diffuse or spread over a certain length, for interstellar travel to refocus the laser past pluto youd need a lens thousands of kilometers in diameter, what a sail beam does is bypass this, basically you have millions of teeny tiny microsails that you can accelerate to a decent fraction the speed of light .c-.c within a second at hundreds of thousands of g's of acceleration. you shoot these at a massive ship with an onboard ultraviolet laser, the laser vaporises and ionises the sails and then these ions hit a magnetic sail mounted to the ship which then imparts the momentum of the microsails and the big ship accelerates to just a bit under the microsail velocity over months by vaporising these microsails millions and millions of times. the microsails dont diffuse like particle beams do.
imagine being white and caring about some worthless nigglet
they dont need to have energy. they are "given" energy by the decelerating second half and accelerated. the distance between the two half's doesnt matter the trail of stationary ions are what are doing the drag not the sacrificial stage
Wouldn't the laser just diffract on these particles and lose power?
Why not just use spinning EM fields?
HH in IDkek
academics don't browse /pol/Nice try, kike. Some of us have careers that don't involve being paid to shit up an anonymous cartoon forum.
no it doesnt. energy is conserved, as is momentum. the energy and momentum from the decelerating half is imparted to the now stationary ion trail that it itself imparted momentum and energy to the sacrificial half. total energy and momentum is conserved and no physical laws are violated.
The breaking mechanism
But the first stage is stopping ions with full energy moving against it yes?The second stage is slowing itself down with the "used" ions that are inert and have no energy left. This stage would slow down much slower, and eventually meet up with the first stage again.Effectively in your solution the two stages would never separate if they were moving in the same direction, because the drag on the first stage is ALWAYS MORE than the second.
no? the laser doesn't come into contact with the particles. the sails are accelerated to max speed well before reaching any ion trail
I am wholly unqualified to be discussing space propulsion. Now look at my neat photos
That guy must really hate niggers. I don't even hate them this much.
im saying you're getting magical extra braking power from nowhere.You either get braking # (ions against the sail) or braking # (Leftover ions from the first one) NOT BOTH.
Why don't you make a general? What you're talking about sounds real cool man, id love to hear more
Freezing people is pseud science as well
no lmao, the ions arent moving, the second stage isnt slowing itself down, its speeding up, ions HIT the magsail of the second stage which accelerates it and makes the ions that hit it slow down to nearly stationary.
Pushing ships with a laser is lame. The Germans figured out a better way
which of the two pieces is the one with humans on it?The one closer to the planet or the one further?Ions are hitting the one in back and somehow slowing the one in front? Or they're hitting the one in front and somehow slowing the one in back?
think of it this way u fucking retard. if im in a rocket orbiting earth. and i throw something into the exhaust gases of sail rocket, that thing will experience drag by the rockets exhaust gases. this doesnt violate physics u tard
Australian physicistsAs funny as Lithuanian economists, Chinese human rights activists or Canadian intellectuals.
nobody has been able to redpill me on niggers as hard as someone before.
yeah, but the guy was probably beat up as a toddler as well
Let me see if I got this.You shoot microsails with lasers, ionizing them and accelerating them towards another sail that goes on the ship. Them you transfer the momentum from one to the other. Is that it? And this is to prevent the beam spread?
okay which you're doing with a laser now? You're literally putting the entire fucking energy producing part of the space ship on a different piece than the humans? At that weight alone you might as well bring a solid propellent.
read this comment u retard u are basically being thrown out the back of a accelerating rocket with a parachute into the exhaust gas. this is not a hard concept u brain dead toothpaste swamp tard

no, you accelerate mini light sails with lasers, then just before they hit a BIG ship the ship vapourises them and reflects them on a magnetic sail. because the energy is transferred for the majority of time as a macroscopic sail rather than a particle beam it doesnt diffuse.
If not LARPing give some tangible proofs.
magnetic sail mounted to the shipYOU FORGOT ABOUT SOLAR WINDIf only you had some sort of... spinning EM field that lightens the mass of your ship
Make screencaps of anon using slurs and talking ittLook for a paper detailing this tech months or a year or two down the lineTip off news orgs and (((media))) Tech gets labeled racistIs completely shoad or Edisoned by someone else
no because the energy isnt produced on either part u fucking idiot. the energy it produced here on earth in the form of lasers accelerating micro sails, this is not rocket propulsion and hence isn't limited by the rocket equation. i was simply using that as a SIMPLE ( just like you) example for you to understand how waste exhaust gases can be used as a decelerating force on a payload
What is your ancestry, anon? You have been posting here for years with different ideas and they are all future tech awesome, obviously you're white but is that WASP or some form of European mutt? Curious here and it would be obvious when you publish anyway
implying the jews aren't already all over laser lightsail propulsionCome on man, there's shekels involved. You know what they won't touch?The Thule Thrustwerk. Schumann Levitators. Polar Slave Compasses. Mag Field Impulsers.
anglo-celtic settler stock
More than likely he is just goading you into revealing more and more information to steal the idea.
Uma delicia.
I'll believe you if the toothpaste niggers concede. It sounds like you have no background in physics/academics and have no idea of what you are talking about, but larping is fun too
), You're trying to use a laser on earth to brake at hundreds of millions of KM in distance?uh anon that isn't possible. Energy falloff is too hard. You're trying magical space physics magic that doesn't work.
How big are we talking about, for the mini sails? cm? mm? And what is the acceleration period? I imagine it must be brief, since you want to avoid the spread. And how many of these go at once? Is it a stream or do they go one by one?
Not surprising
Honestly, can't understand a single thing from what OP is saying but seems like this is based.
My nazi UFO posting is more scientifically viable than his laser-mag-sail-transfer idea.http://discaircraft.greyfalcon.us/HAUNEBU.htm
His entire premise is flawed, since vaporizing any kind of small sail results in gaseous cookoff which would throw the ions all over the place and miss the target completely.
I mean, would you? We can't know that the planet is inhabitable. You'd be going to either colonize it or die, and if you could survive the surface but never leave until technology changes, that's still on the favorable end of the spectrum. I guess it depends on what's on the other end. If you actually get to live as a free man, it could definitely be worth the risk of death.
the earth is flat
How much gear did you pack in the pip?
not replying because at this point u just look like you are goading to steal the idea.why yes anon please go into detail on how it functions EXACTLY
But OP is effectively declaring he's created magical even-heating(tm) technology that can convert a physical object into a ions perfectly at a distance while leaving them with imparted energy from another source. Failing to realize that the laser you use to evaporate them would remove the force they carry.Its wishful thinking in scifi form, would be good for a book but not for human space travel.
It's limited by this/d^
True, this whole thread reads like some stoned freshman cornered you at a house party and thinks he's a genius because he read a textbook that he wasn't assigned. Bro I WISH the nazi's invented ufos
what happens to space ship traveling at .c if it gets hit by space dust
Or you could just create a wormhole to open up in a certain location (much like how portals function in Fantasy)
Cool lifes work just to realize earth is flat and we live under a domeThere's no space, tough guy. You got fooled
 i'm actually just comfy watching the riots and shitposting against your poorly conveyed physics failure of an idea.Go publish it and see what happens when you can't stand up to public scrutiny.
What is your academic background?
Test the properties of light outside of our solar singularity.This. Negative mass on a distance
You're on the right track swamp german.At this point I would not surprised to see them, or US retro-engineered spin-polarized EMG drive craft within our lifetimes. The diagrams are fucking real man. In , the enlarged Haunebu II of  meters diameter was ready for flight testing. This disc had a crew of nine and could also achieve supersonic flight of between ,-, km/h with a flight endurance of  hours. Both it and the further developed  meter diameter Do-Stra had heat shielding of two hulls of Victalen. Seven of these craft were constructed and tested between -. The craft made  test flights.
lasers dont fall off with inverse square formula, they fall of with wavelength determined diffusion
Bullshit, just like this entire thread
It can't because it's warping spacetime.
No you wouldnt. It was around .Also imagine size of the sail and how brakable it would be. Try something with hydrogen next time
Is Teegarden b scaled properly against earth in that pick? Cuzz it looks like it could fit three earths in its belly and ask for more. No way that's  percent earthlike.
https://www.laserworld.com/en/laserworld-toolbox/divergence-calculator.htmldo u even science retard, inverse square would mean that a laser is /th as powerful  cm away from the source vs  cm away. a laser doesnt fall of as a inverse square u fucking retard only uniform light sources do like a light bulb or flash light
construct gigantic laser cannon on the moonpark spaceship in front of it with concave shield-sail thingblast lasership goes ZOOMORblast lasermelt a hole through the bow of the ship, killing everyoneOR!!just use EM fields and an onboard power system with a van de Graaf generator, and implode space around the ship by oscillating the fields (carefully)
It was photographed at the end of  over the south Atlantic while on the way to the auxiliary cruiser Atlantis which was in Antarctic waters. It could not be used as a fighter aircraft for the following reason: because of its impulsion flying system, the RFZ  could only make changes in direction of º, º, or .º. Unbelievable, some of you will think, but it is exactly these right-angle flight changes that are characteristic of UFOs.https://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sociopolitica/sociopol_vril.htm
What the fuck do you think divergence is there for?
scatters your particlesWHOOPS!
cite this and the dossier pageshttps://patents.google.com/patent/USB/en
No that's for what i posted in the thread, not him. His idea is using a mag sail. My posts have been about spinning EM fields for mass reduction. I am shamelessly ripping off the Germans but I don't care
here now lol
Therefore, under certain conditions (such as the coupling of hyper-frequency axial spin with hyper-frequency vibrations of electrically charged systems) the rules and special effects of quantum field behavior also apply to macroscopic physical entities (macroscopic quantum phenomena).My dick is ROCK HARD, this is exactly what the germans had in . YES
chan intellectuals, is teleportation possible?
EternalEnvy is a piece of shit.Playing spec as a hard support for faster queue times.Folks like this deserve the rope.Absolute nigger-tier behaviour.
Why would the germans invent a "polar slave compass"? It is to withstand the artificially powerful EM fields that would wreck a normal compassThe project has many setbacks in the first years due to the massive electro-magnetic disturbances and their interaction with conventional electric components. Although the propulsion can be handed and used principally, it seems to be nearly impossible to "drive or fly" these prototypes in sharper angels than °, thus not usable as fighters. Additionally normal navigation systems referring somehow to magnetic fields were completely useless and a special, magnetic independent navigation instrumentation designed, the celestial guidance system: "Meisterkompass" and "Peiltochterkompass"
Seriously, why would anyone join the military?
probably family reasons, wanting to kill people legally, or wanting that pension
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life overHow many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?
im planning on joining this year, so I can do private contracting. my friend does and hes making bank, like $ a day when hes deployed.
Combat roles are competitive as fuck. Right now is a great time to join.
Join the military so that you can end up homeless and living illegally in a garage five years later while your govt fills the country with those you spent your time trying to kill.
doesn't see any proslists a couple pros
Honor.A thing OP knows nothing about because he is a communist faggot.
Thank me for my service
How many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?Can't imagine there's too many nowadays.
dying for israelhonorPick one.
Some of us really need to kill people
When you love and believe in your country and want to defend it from the evil that looks to destroy it
Already in fighting shape. By the time he catches the next IED he will finally be ready to serve the machine spirit indefinitely, along with Israel.
If you're getting blown up or having PTSD you're probably a dumbass and not going anywhere in life anyway. In this case, you're better off taking the risk to obtain the pros you listed. Otherwise score a + on your ASVAB(not difficult) and join the AF or Coast Guard. It'd probably do you good since you sound like a total pussy
inb "money for school" or "free healthcare for life." our veterans litetally get none of those things unless they go to uni, which means they sign a longer contract, in fact our veterans get fuck all after they leave, and the government is wondering why so many kill themselves. I don't even wear my medals any more or mention that I deployed to anyone.you do get to do some fun things in the military, it opens you to hobbies you never would've looked at, and meet people you form strong bonds with over shared experiences. You will never connect with a civilian as much as the people you're in the military with, plus it can put your head on right quicker than if you try to figure shit out on tour own.
I have autism. The rules and order are amazing.
GI bill. Serve for a couple of years then go to Japan to learn Japanese and the government will pay for your college, housing, and food.
Not everyone in the military is B infantry... many do jobs that don’t get them close to combat. Literal retards are who they stick in B. If you are smart, and don’t volunteer for b.. you will get some other job.
During peacetime its decent b/c of the compensation and relatively low risk.During wartime it's more for existential reasons. If nobody fights the country dies. Its out of a moral sense of duty to protect ones integrity.If China declared war on the US with the idea of annexing it, would you be okay with becoming Chinese or at that point would you rather die fighting?
Two shitty pros along with two extreme cons.
In many cases its misdirected energy. Like I get that young men need to prove themselves and chase something, its natural. But voluntarily running the establishments/Israels errands is wrong (unless you truly are defending your country, which the US is not).Other times its lack of choice. Can't blame someone for wanting to eat, but imo you are obliged to get out as soon as you can.
It's really mostly about the benefits, that's literally the only reason why people join. They do it to escape homelessness/starvation or because of no opportunities to make money.
filipino monkey hate thread
How can you live in one of the most beautiful regions of the world and fuck it up so royally?
I like them more than Japanese, they might not be the richest people on the planet, but mostly they are very good people
Manila and Quezon city are the only places that look like that in PH, .m people in an area of .km, New York in comparison is .km and .m people
I had to work out of Manila for  months as a dive welder. The two week I was there I passed like  corpses, two had been shot and one looks like he just starved to death. Western medicine was a mistake, now they have millions of people living like rats in their own shit piss and garbage
the first two weeks*
thoughts on duterte?
Throughly based, doing the best he can with a nation of low IQ subhuman rape babies as citizens
no family planning exists there as well, if the government had half a brain in it's head it would subsidise the pill
mostly lazy people who try to be niggers or claim chink heritage. even they know they are bottom tier garbage and scramble to the next step up the hierarchy.these are the sea monkeys of asia.
The issue is they are throughly catholic so they will continue to breed like rabbitsI’m suprised coronavirus didn’t wipe like a third of them out in the first month, must be the poo immunity like India
they have the worst food of all asia, by fartradition wants you to eat it in shit plastic plates with your fingers
inherit english/chinese/spanish/god knows who else mutt languagecan’t inherit forks or chop sticks
sad isnt it. iirc philippinos make up the largest immigrant group in canada. their hard workers and intelligent graduates leave the country as soon as they can which results to a brain drain
The fuck is wrong with you people? The filipinos are great. Fuck this boad.if it ain't white, it aint rightBunch of incels.
Yes we are a modern day slave raceYou know who else were ((slaves)) back in the day
you're just upset because it wasn't a shewhere did the ladyboy touch you?
The turks?
Femanon here. Then why do you white incels flock to their country to buy a midget wife? You’re the number one reason they get green cards and we have to walk around seeing those oompa-loompas and their muts in white countries
I hate that they refer to things like onions sauce as Kikoman.
because if you are sub ’ you have no chance in any other country in the world. The tallest man they’ve seen is like ’ with a pencil dick, even the most average white guy in America is literally a king in PH
Digits confirm, Manila the launch site for the first manned mission to MarsSuperpower by 
So then why not keep your sex tourism tourism there? Let PH be the white incels playground and don’t bring your little pregnant souvenirs back to our country.
You have to remember OP the overcrowding is caused by the belief that the city is where it's at for living. In terms of social standing you're better off living in the city unless you want to be known as a provincial pleb, seriously that's the mindset. You could live like a king in a nice house on the beach and the city dwellers will still look down on you.memeflag"femanon"The quality of women changed a whole lot. Older gen women tend to have better family values than the current gen ones.
that entire post is pic related
Aren’t you even gonna say ‘tits or gtfo’?
interesting. Is it like in the US where city people are more “liberal” and rural farmers are more conservative? how do the politics work?
. I have the memeflag delouser, so I can't be fucked unhiding your kind (memeflag).. Kikette tits are overrated.
dude I may be a Flip but I don't get % percent of the things you're complaining about
leave the fucking filipinos alone, they make the best remote outsourced employees and are really nice people. they also love america.fuck you assclowns, go rip on india and pakistan, they fucking suck.
test
literally rent free in one amerimutt to the point he has to make this slide threadI’d say they are überbased and also make really good barbecue
worse eating habits than the Chinesethis isnt true eitheractually i wouldn't be surprised if a chink made this post, because the chinks hate filipinos and filipinos hate china. they hate china for good reason, the mother fuckers export plastic rice.
Pathetic.You need to go back
especially in dotakek
Maybe he’s just a flip hapa himself who hates his flip part because he got the short end of the genetic stickLegit most of the threads of people hating any kind of Asians here are either white women or Asians themselves
False, women can buy the pill at any pharmacy. Cheap version, Trust brand pill  pesos ($) for a month, good stuff Dianne  brand.  pesos ($) a month. They prefer Dianne though cos its said to make their skin whiter and they literally all worship whites and want a white baby.
Philippinos aren't rape babies. The Spanish didn't mix with the native population like they did in the Americas. The only reason they have Spanish names is because it gave them better status.
threatened to shoot female insurgents in their genitalsfucking kekDidnt know he was out right letting the tranny faggots know they will be shot with no bars held
definitely white
Just shut up, you have no clue what you're talking about. Filipinos mostly work as janitors here and every single one of them that I meet is dumb as a rock, I can't bear to speak to one for more than five seconds.
low birth ratesblacks cuck whites out of society, government, culture and womenhas cancel culture going onprojected to be a minority in their own country by the snumber one exporter of degenerate filth (hollywood and porn)trillions of dollars in debt%. Emperor with no clothes (cucked race) who has no self-awareness. Lmao
Lad, you can report ladyboys to the local barangay and they will be arrested for raping you There's no need for the cope.
shilling for the pillkike thread, cya
The city is completely soulless to me. It’s a combination of people living in the most unlivable conditions because they thought there would be better living opportunities there but are instead stuck in their squatter sheds sniffing glue from their tiny income as pedicab drivers or snitching some other poorfags. And the other part is an extremely materialistic middle class that are very similar to your average Asian middle class that seem to think going to malls  times a week and spending half your savings on clothes you never wear is something that constitutes the meaning of life. It’s the only kind of people who has worse swimming skills than joggers because this is the place they live most of their live.Meanwhile the provinces are super comfy. No noisy traffic and choking pollution, pristine beaches, bros everywhere and fresh produce. Sure the roads can be shit but I don’t mind. I’d even say the people there are humane.
White women come to /pol/Delusional retard.
Yeah but they have swag
I agree Phils is a shithole but there are literally millions of single women there, mostly single moms abandoned by their local boyfriends cos they dont have child support laws. If you want to get laid its a great place to go. The beaches are cool too.
lol shut the fuck up carlos I could go to your country and personally fuck your mom sister and girlfriend in front of you in your sheet metal hut
They’re not low IQ, and I admire their devotion to the catholic faith, hard work ethic, and their women are qtThat being said, their food is fucking horrible
Cool opinion, Juan dela Cruz
t, filipino dad who refused to pay his wayWE SEE YOU DONG
As long as they stay on their fucking Islands, who the fuck cares. The ones we got in North America need to be flung back in the water though.
Gross. By the time you come back your dick would've rotten off from all the STDs.
Not to /pol/ but other boards. A white woman will FUME over the asian race once they see their ex dating one of them. Trust me
The quality of women changed a whole lot. Older gen women tend to have better family values than the current gen ones.could be from their country being westernized as opposed to their southeast asian neighbours whose family values are still intact.
No that’s Thailand
kek
philippinos are easily the niggers of asialess violent due to their small stature but into rap, dumb as rocks, and street fashion shitThe mainly work as nurses, tech guys and maintenance staff Still better than spics and blacks in the USA
Not so sure about that. There are plenty of light skinned Filipinos and the DNA didn't just appear out of thin air.
you love to see itfalling for the "marry your mum" memeyour mum literally left your dad in her 'sclick on
asians have the lowest STD rates in Americacope
Seethe. Your race is dying. All we literally have to do is sit back, relax and watch your kind kill yourselves. Lmao
as opposed to their southeast asian neighbours whose family values are still intact.dude...
Automotive tech, not computer techVery few make it into top tier universities. Their women also have a high % of single moms and struggle to land white males (chinks cornered that market)
Its the women who do all the work there. Or go overseas and send all the money home for the lazy fuckers to mooch off.
niggers of asiaonly people in asia that have european blood?????? what did leaf mean by this?
More or less. The more "educated" types also seem to have a huge pompous attitude as well. The difference though is the whole saving face culture is huge in the Phils where ever you go. Duterte's party is leftwing populism but without the globalist faggotry, trannys for instance only make it from prostitution or entertainment; nothing like the western world. He only wants his people to live well and free from drugs.Can you really blame hapas though? I mean I'm one of those dreaded hapas but no one in my family is Jewish so I won't go on a homicidal rampage.I have heard of horror stories where men who married flip women and wanted to live in a comfy beach house had their plans sabotaged because the women didn't want to be known as "provincial girls"; to them it's like calling them niggers.
U never heard of condoms?
Easily the lowest quality group of people, aka the niggers of asia. In fact american rappers have often called women from that region the black girls of asia
this, filipino men are extremely lazy. My neighbor makes his wife mow the lawn, wash his car, do the yard work etc etc could probably fuck her if she wasn’t  tbqh
I'm not taking about Asians in America. Cope more.
It’s really minimal. Light skin cis actually a normal trait of Austronesians. Many moros has really pale skin despite being out of Spanish influence their whole history because of strong resistance.Probably the only kind of people there with self respect. Shame they deviated from their hindu/buddhist-influenced Islam
my neighbour makes his wife do all the housework! omg how lazyguys why does my wife want BBC, i even mowed the lawn and did the dishes for her!KEK
 You fell for the seething roastie meme, there are NO women on /pol/ and the ones who claim to be women are really men. And its more than just "lel" no girls on the interbutts, /pol/ literally has nothing to offer holes. They don't get simp emotional support, they don't get alpha sexual attention, and they're on the wrong side of any fights they start here. From a hole perspective this scene is deader than a Bar Mitzvah at Auschwitz.
What a waste of perfect numbers. Wait no, im going to take that  and  and give them to someone who wants to do good!YOINK!May god be with youMay god be with us all!
Lol stop making it sound like they're all hapas. Probably / or their population has any European blood.
What does height matter? Everyone in Sweden is tall and they're all weirdo pussys.
specifically in dotaFuck off zoomer.
AIDS Registry in the Philippines reported , cumulative cases since .The most recent CDC HIV Surveillance Report estimates that , new cases of HIV were diagnosed in the United States in , a rate of . per , population. This rate is a decrease from the previous year's estimates, which indicated , new infections and a rate of . per , population.inb we test more!!!top kek
you are a litte obsessed with manlets mate, you named them twice
Whoops. I mashed that  into an . May god enjoy a tasty !May god be with us all!
maintenance staff so in other words janitors
?? last time i checked indonesians were still whipping their naughty women in public
Ever heard of Cambodians no one in my family is Jewish so I won't go on a homicidal rampage.Absolutely based post
mutt educationYou know about the whole spanish thing?
you wash your car because you take pride in it you faggot. Not everyone drives a vespa like you queer
See 
C O P E
Philippines :Ethnic Chinese who immigrated decades ago own most of the wealth.The lighter your skin, the higher your status and the greater your perceived beauty.(Just look at the miss world winners).Most people are catholic in name only, the women fuck like rabbits and the food is shit.White people are treated like gods.
Palendrone, inverse you position.Everyone in Sweden is Swedish size and the ladys have, uh, lady problems.May god be with the Swiss.May gos be with pewdiepie, that princely man!May god be with us all!
Based. Take this and go with god!May god be with us all!
Because you are even more disgusting usa woman. Blergh
yes fellow leaf, janitors.There's also a lot in the canadian army. A lot of their men have a macho attitude that doesn't quite translate to canadian society when they stand at '
Indonesians are about as nigger tier and they have no white blood. If anything that little bit of Spanish gives Flips a slight boost.
They literally have a caste system, you retard.
can't get STDs if your dick's too small to go in a cunt
language made up from generations of colonizersrace of rape babiesshortuglyextremely low IQdespite all of this, they are extremely nationalistic and arrogantblame everyone else for their low IQ mistakes, specifically in dotatallest person in the country is likely ’worse eating habits than the Chinesebloody americans can only ever talk about themselves.
Oh yeah Malays and Aceh Indos are kinda based but they are Muslims so that makes sense. I’m talking about the mainlandAnd to be fair non-city girls are fairly conservative
imagine hating people who serve for your countryheavy lad, ISRAELGEN
 Well most amateur historians on /pol/ think that any country occupying another is a non-stop rape party. They envision pantless spaniards raping flip bitches while the rest of the flip women line up for their daily raping while the husbands seethe in their huts. Obviously every flip is half-Spanish by now, look how long those saucy conquistadors occupied the country!
And?
Rigged
cambodia, laos, vietnam, muh sex tourism capital of the world thailandna Philippines is the nigger region thoChang, you will never conquer those islands, ever. It's the only Island in the region you've never conquered.
Nationalism is the peasant's last hold-on-to
Because i must ATCHOOOOM and COOOOOM everywere. Then we gtfo but at least your baby will be better planning the future.
leaf, a flip janitor in canada is probably earning  times more than a fucking doctor there
language made up from generations of colonizersrace of rape babiesshortuglyextremely low IQdespite all of this, they are extremely nationalistic and arrogantblame everyone else for their low IQ mistakes, specifically in dotaNigger that's us too
do you think they magically went from blick natives to whiter than the average american from embracing god?
Success breeds jealousy.
Honest question: what would you do tomorrow if your trash stopped being collected indefinitely?
they have the best ladyboys
Last I heard that faggot was seeking closer ties with China, but if I'm misinformed then that's pretty based
Failipinos are based
if the spanish were there long enough to give filips half of their language then they were definitely there long enough to have a genetic impact. what do you think is going to happen when a group of horny sailors who haven’t seen a woman in months would do if he sees some  foot tall filipina wearing nothing but a banana leaf bra
 I'm sorry that my great ancestors raped your ancestors Juan Pedro but you really need to get back to mowing my fucking lawn.
Before or after Duterte? Could've been druggies who were killed by his death squads kek
make nice half breeds tho
Do you had any gramps who where months in the sea? I had one. He fucked all his sons and daughters. Marinos can be a some weird kind of people if they lack instrocpection. Months without the presence of a female or acces to one must do some serious shit to your braindick.
You opinion is very important to us, Western Philippines.
Kill all these insect-faced dwarves. With fire.
I'm irish
There's no white people there to organise anything, see it all over the world.
One janitor at my previous job actually had a PhD in medicine but couldn’t qualify for a position like that here, and earned more as a janitor either way. He went back and started his own pharmaceutical company with the capital he saved.It’s kinda sad that so many of them have to resort to this. The problems surrounding the Philippines is a deep rabbit hole of toxic political culture taking the worst of Hispanic and American politics.
Lol. Thanks for throwing in the towel, you just completely lost any credibility you might've had.
that man in the picture looks like a monkey
Take it somewhere that’s not directly in front of my property where I eat and sleep
Specially women. Got a half filipino half venezuelan chick in my degenerate years....I still coom to this day.
Filipinos are the most sensitive bunch of cunts Ive ever met, also they do not understand sarcasm and will immediately be insulted at the slightest banter
 Yeah I know, the grass skirted whores would just line up on the dock and present for every sailing crew that passed and happily present their husbands with their rapebaby crotchfruit in a ceremony of thankfulness  months later. I mean you can't take a walk as a sailor in an asian country without a whore falling on your dick. Why in my navy days, at least  chinks fell on my dick one after the other in Taiwan and I have last  rapebabies working hard to bleach the Taiwanese into permanent happa status as we speak.
Funny that, then they definately raped em. ;)Also your cousins will never get Ulster back.
im only talking about woman lol, but yeah no matter what they mix with it can turn out amazing- black, white, brown its all good
Half their language? Have you ever heard Tagalog spoken? Sounds tongue clicking.
I'd burn it like I used to.
they are extremely sensitive about their height and go to massive lengths to cope
Not really. It was mostly friars who were in charge of the authority next to a local elite. Philippines wasn’t as easily accessible as the New World and the voyage was so long so very few spainards ever bothered going there, especially with all the diseases they suffered that the locals were immune toThat’s why I can’t really consider them spics because they still have more in common with Indonesians than Mexicans, despite similar names, folk music, and some food. Their political culture however is very similar, that’s why it’s such a shitshow
It might've happened, but no where's near the scale it happened in America. Spanish probably learned their lesson.
his hands are tied, if he accepts US help he knows that eventually the phillipines will come to accept our homo jewish exportsbut with chinese help he will lose territory
Ukraine is Russian clay, cockhole
USA is Israeli estate, mutt
That’s what they do and it end up infront of someone else’s property
Did you know that an average American nigger has -% of European blood? Doesn't make them any less nigger.
Actually just Happy Land in Manila, pop ,, and Payatas QC, pop -,Those are the epicenters of Reuters and Al Jazzera poverty pornThere are surely other shitty places but these are the worst.
Also some based Filipino pirates fought under Andrew Jackson in New Orleans
Theyre alright. I backpacked through some of the philipines and while not very smart the people are friendly. poorfag backpacker and everyone still have friendly and helpfuleven the old people speak Englishdidnt get robbed once even though i was blind drunk every nightgot my hand split when a flipfucker amerimutt couldnt handle the bantz(tm) and the hospital sewed it back up in like mins and cost me like $aud even with a course of antibiotics and anti-inflammatories unlike thailand (shithole) where the hospitals wouldnt even take in ythate chinks
Muttland is much worse than Russia though.
Asians themselvestrue i'm asian and the sin of most asian men is not realizing that they are uglythey should commit suicide to liberate their slightly less ugly female counterparts
I'm half flip, but got  Luck and am tall and am attractive enough to mate with girls I meet without too much effort. They think I'm Italian. Sucks because hapa has a bad reputation but as a mutt you can't worry what people think about you or you'll go full supreme gentleman. Wasn't my choice so no point in dwelling
i love my filipino friends
cuck
Hes complaining about things only a flip would know. You're right.
got my hand split when a flipfucker amerimutt couldnt handle the bantz(tm)top lel story?
Let me tell you a thing about filipino here in Italy.They all works and they have the lowest of any other ethnicity, includiing italians.
They also claim catholic to try and trick people to trust them so that they can scam people
This is terrifying.
https://twitter.com/JRehling/status/
HOLY SHITTRUMPBorn:Donald John Trump, June , REINCARNAITON OF HITLER?
we could really have kristallnacht by ?
Suddenly excited for  if Trump is re-elected!
Pray for it lads
If Kristallnacht  happens, I will shave my pubes and eat them all on a livestream for /pol/ anons. Screencap this post.
fuck I wish Trump was Hitler
Damn, we have to wait until  for the first death camp? I'm not going to be able to wait that long. Also, Trump is a Zionist ZOG puppet who married his kids off to kikes. Did you know your votes literally don't matter and that the "Victor" is decided years in advance. I wonder who the next ZOG lord will be. Remember to get out and vote. If you can just vote in the good guys and vote out the bad guys the world will start to improve! It's that simple. Sorry if some of you newfag tourists find this to be demoralizing. You will move past that stage when you find a purpose in life.
people are so fucking retarded it blows my minddestruction of cities done by blacksTrump is rightCNN, MSNBC, etc. lying constantlyTrump is rightPraises dictatorsyeah but that's just Trump's personality.... he treats everybody like he's doing a deal with them... might not be right but that doesn't mean Trump favors them Says he will lock up political opponentsClinton committed crimes, she should be in jail. Trump was rightSome people die in campsfor fucks sake, where? those immigrant bases at the border? is that even happening? yeah because that's exactly like Auschwitz
I'm sure the true Americans will never let it happen.
As I predicted months ago, Trump will lose the world war like Hitler did. The "winner", China, will cede land to the Rothschild family like the UK did in WWII.
wtf i love trump now
i am flabbergasted how fucking dumb this istimeline for comparison data point
I hope when Trump starts the american version of the holocaust it is on niggers.
Yeah, it's terrifying that there's people so stupid they actually believe this.
the last good democrat presidentno wonder they had him killed

Fascism tells overly simple stories about gender, about race, about political power, about human desire, about economics. Fascism is infamous for its longstanding untroubled embrace of postmodern ideological incoherence, but this should not be read as a matter of intellectual complexity. Rather this miasma of ostensibly contradictory politics is precisely evidence of fascism’s insular stupidity. If power is all that matters then the philosophical stuff is just a game of rhetoric. Fascism is built on an embrace of the cataclysmically stupid, the anti-intellectual turn of nihilism.
Wow op interesting, I'm still voting for him though
Hitler was an idiot. So is trump. He allied with the soviets and then attacked them. He attacked the fucking russians! He kept using his money on shower camps during the war, instead of just imprisoning jews and looking and them when the war was over! People glorify him as an evil genius, but he was one of those people who would show off after passing an IQ test.
God I wish Trump was actually Hitler

Very good, jamal. A+.
dilate
This I can't wait to work at the death camps. Water boarding antifa. using a sledge hammer on BLM skulls truly rewarding work knowing with each one you kill you elevate the rest of the human race.https://www.bitchute.com/video/OKEFdLtdT/
Are you retarded, gay or both?
Please don't. Do something based instead.
Power is all that Fascism is aboutDouble digit IQ showing
Lol whatever faggot.And then one day, for no reason at all, people voted Hitler into power.
Nigger, Trump is and always has been retarded. The accomplishments of Hitler have and (probably) always will soar HIGH above the "accomplishments" of Zion Don. I fucking WISH Trump was Hitler, Sadly hes just another Jewish Puppet.
ITT: leafgasming
Lefts still calling Trump hitler, while Uyghurs are literally being holocausted
Based
Bros thats what I was looking for too. We're gonna kill antifa!
wherever I go, I must shitpost about the Chinese Century™ This Time For Real®
O MG HES HITLER!!!!literal npcs
none of this is accurate if not stretched. I love how the left will try and find any way to equate everyone with hitler. Once theyre called out though and equated to hitler they'll scream facist
Why are normies so fucking dumb. Yeah Trump is Hitler....sure
wait so Hitler didnt start killing jews until ? i thought  million in  years was crazy, but now you're saying he did it in ???
Lmao, this faggot, kek, I'd wish trump was hitler.
WTF I actually like Trump now
Lmao. What if melania shoots trump like jackie shot jfk then ran off with jewish moneymen?
Ya know what's terrifying? Blood fallin out yer anoos when alls yer tryna do is a poo.
I wish he would. At least then these faggots would be justified in their reeing.
Hitler was a Hiller, Heinz, etc. Trump is related to him.If Trump gets re-elected then it's only the beginning of a much longer game, rather than  years of Hitler. Democrats can force armed White insurrection, or it can be built incrementally in the near future via Republicans. That is if Whites don't let either party make them placid.
Unironically all the US presidents who we assassinated all spoke out against the federal bank. JFK was also labeled anti semitic. I'm sure neither of those had anything to do with his head becoming pink mist.
No you don't see friend this is Weimer germany in the USA right now. the idiots in BLM/antifa destabilize the country and try a shitty half ass take over. The zion don cuck government or Biden government flails around pissing in the wind. Meanwhile regular people live in fear of the jogger live in fear of saying the wrong thing and losing their jobs but deep in their hearts the hatred grows unchecked. Then in the chaos a new strong man and party come to the forefront and offer to bring back order and prosperity with a decent outline of how they are going to do it. The people embrace this new group and leader a Hitler .. Glory and unspeakable horrors will await. Best part is the new Hitler if worth a damn will have learned lessons from the failures of the original. History is beginning to repeat itself. Hitler came into power during a shit show with a broken economy and pussy whipped Germany. Crime was high and the far left tried a communist revolution. The National Socialists took control and the rest was history. The best part is the Left will be creating its own worst enemy right in its own fucking backyard.
Wait, did he publically acknowledge the current revised 'holocaust took place in only a  year period' official narrative, which as far as I know doesn't get taught in school?The one that makes the magic  Million Holocaust even more mathematically impossible than it already was?Is Mr. Rehling a stupid dumb flathead Jew? Signs point to yes.
Your surname science is weakHitler was from Northern Austria; Trump family is from the Rhineland
kristallnacho
Meanwhile you fucking unempathetic leftists can't even raise your voices against Communist China, who are prosecuting Muslims and Christians left and right, and are holding millions of Uyghurs in concentration camps. You leftists are the Nazi sympathizers of the st century. Shame on you.
I'm so excited. We should have a countdown to kristalnacht.
Why do people keep giving this faggot attention
puppetThat's a funny way to spell "golem."
God damn, now I’m excited.
Glownigger memes are cutting edge.
Based Han is slaughtering the weak UighurWhat do we fucking care The Chink just needs to leave the white man alone and they can do whatever the fuck they want
They're not directly related. Remember, Trump is not completely German.
BLM is literally co run by a literal jewess terrorist and a sheboon Marxist.
Where in the timeline does both Hitler and Trump do everything for Israel?
At this rate I fucking hope so. Niggers and kikes are a burden on the white man
Ffs we’ve got to wait  years ?!
Nice
Go to back Reddit, nigger.
Kristallnacht started may  retard.
Oh nooooooooes Comrades!!! They're not supposed to fight back!!!
This post have me cancer.
Auschwitz was way nicer than our immigrant bases on the border. What are you talking about? Auschwitz had literal swimming pools and orchestras.
no the kikes own him
These mentally ill libs need help
good job chinks you fell for the b once again
Trump is directly paternally German The post WW Ashkenazi migration to North America is our undoing. We did it to ourselves.
reddit tier word salad shit won't get you far here, bud. if you can't say it simply, you don't actually understand it.fuck fascists, they're just power hungry moronsis what you said. but you think you sound smarter by making it all flowery.do better, and make it coherent and consistent next time. this isn't even a direct response to the OP. you just tossed some shit together to sound smart.
Oy vey
This. /thread
death camps
I've always wondered what the source for this image is. I feel like it's lost to time at this point, but still.
i like how they left off 'because they broke the law' after the end of all these claims
Those camps were fine under scandal free Obama. When trump was elected they became auschwitz
Yeah, so exactly  days counting from today. Nice round number for that anon to have accidentally come upon, huh? Has a certain rhyme to it.  days until May th and Kristallnacht : Antisemitic Boogaloo.
Why does /pol/ never sage these threads? And why do right wing retards always try to response to a leftists like they are rational people? Its like they want to lose.
I think it’s a guy, leg looks manly as fuck, and surely no woman would let a guy fist her asshole wearing that
Nah, this is more like Weimar. We’ve got a weak government in power and an unstable system below. It’s only gonna get riper for a true strongman. If you think Zion Don is that strongman you’re delusional.
I see no problem here.
How can we accelerate this?
Based
I really wish Trump was Hitler, even if I ended up in a deathcamp it wouldve been worth it just to see libtards seethe.
tfw I have to suffer  more years of kikeryMein Kampf
I can't tell if this is genuine or bait, but I'm going to answer it for the lurkers, if nothing else.Hitler was an idiot. So is trump. He allied with the soviets and then attacked them. He attacked the fucking russians! they were spying on the Russians, and knew they were about to fuck them. Stalin wanted that sweet sweet research, and wasn't happy just taking half. you did know about the collaborative tank development, right? He kept using his money on shower camps during the war, instead of just imprisoning jews and looking and them when the war was over!not exactly coherent, but Hitler's plan was to send them to Madagascar. he didn't want them dead, he wanted them as far away from the German people as possible. ironically, his major fault is that he wasn't the monster everyone made him out to be. if he had been, we would be having this conversation in German. they were being transported, then the war broke out. and he was stuck with his pet kikes in cages.
Wanna know how I can tell you don't actually understand what you're saying?
Bald faggot
if you want to convince boomers/gen x to drop BLM fast, mention that Rosenberg and the sheboon's mentor, Eric Mann, were members of Weather Underground. If they were alive during the s they will remember what Weather Underground did.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lk_BRxAjKU
 cant come fast enough
You know it will be mexicans and the like
I'm going to answer it for the lurkersOnly shills shame us for this brother.
Found the Jew
twitter users need to have GRIDS infected human excrement forcefully wafflestomped through their clenched teeth down into their throats
He attacked duh Russians!no choicennnnnnnnnnnnnnniiiiiiiiiGGER
When did neocon boomers learn the art of epic trolling? I'm thinking many seething pajeets are stirring shit up too.
They can live.They just have to go back.
He's Hindenburg
Trump is our Hindenburg. always was.
Good times aren't scary, leaf. Grow up and face the consequences.
Clinton fucking pardoned her
If your a stupid sheep possibly.
who is Hitler? Tucker? Chad Wolf? Byron?
I'm waiting with bated breath
, first death campAYO HOLUPSo you sayin that actually it was only  years it took to gas six million jews? years x  days =  days million /  = , jews per day, jews per day /  hours =  Jews per hourHahahahhaahahhahaahah
Its going to be on white Americans after republicans lose all branches of government thanks to Trump.I cant wait
+ years of President Trump
Yeah I did a little digging when i heard. The whole thing surrounding all of them is fucking nutty. Funny how media never brings this up either. https://abagond.wordpress.com////black-identity-extremists/
Now I want to vote for him even more. Thank you.
Based
If only you knew the depravity of a lot of people.If only.
bravo you got a chuckle out of me anon
all those hidden repliesLol what a fag
Don't really know yet. my guess is he'll come out of the military in the near future. probably a veteran of the coming war with china. I don't believe it will be Tucker. Tucker however will probably have the spot of our Goebbels.
Over so soon???
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haavara_Agreement
that may be the only part of this that's realistic. imagine thinking the results of this election will be respected. or that we'll change administrations mid world war.nah. again. He's our Hindenburg.
HAHAHAHAFUCK YOU FAGGOTS
Soon you'll realize that Hitler really was like Trump, and all the allegations against him are no different than the allegations against Trump today. You just think Hitler did bad things just like the crazy leftists think Trump is doing bad things. It's all a Jewish trick.
https://twitter.com/joshlecash/status/https://twitter.com/CassandraRules/status/
the coming war with chinaDude we're already at war and you'll never see boots on the ground.
guys watch Trump get litteraly destroyedhttps://youtu.be/cxuOdsVUY

They had to work though, the worst thing a Jew could have ever had to do.
again, Hitler didn't want the jews dead. or at least he never imagined he could get away with actual fucking genocide. He just wanted them to be fucking gone. Madagascar Plan. Havaara Agreement. all of it points to the fact that Hitler didn't want their taint on his nation anymore.
Post tits
So I can’t wait to be a part in history. I’m white so where can I sign up? I want to kill a man of every race and have lots of white babies so if this is true I’m going to be a happy man. As long as we keep enough Jews to run the internet I’m cool.
never see boots on the groundyou will. but it will look like aid, when the dam breaks. until the CCP suddenly abdicates, and surprise surprise, we helped someone else restore order. the gold has been moved. it's set in stone. like you said, we're already at war.
You mean exciting right?
We are in the midst of our kristalnacht, against white businesses (organized by Jewish multinational megacorps, perpetrated by niggers). We are indeed repeating history as self-parody, in this encore of Weimar-Nazism-WWII it's literally retarded nigger/'melanated'-supremacists in the Nazis position, this time.
I wish there was a politician who would put the FEMA camps to good use and just put all the shitskins in them and finally carry out a useful version of the depopulation agenda.

The gestapo cancelled people with double plus ungood opinions, did they not? What does that have to do with Trump?
If only Trump was half as good as his enemies claim him to be...
That's a dead and cremated jew every  seconds. That famous German efficiency
stillvotingtrump.com
Only six more years lads! Holo
first death camplmao you need to go back to obama for that
Well written bullshit is still bullshit
so Trump might start delousing mexicans behind wooden doors in between swimming pool sessions?
I’m very flexible despite weighing lbs, should I try autofellatio?
boy, if only we had some of those famous incinerators now, huh? too bad we can't match anything near that with our crappy new incinerators.oh well. I'm sure no one would ever lie about something so horrible.
Wow, that is terrifying. According to the chart, the Holocaust ended before he got all the jews.
Hitler signed the enabling act in , giving him absolute power in Germany. Literally his first year as chancellor he made himself a dictator, wtf is this stupid shit.
It was fueled by German protestant work ethics of hard work and delaying gratification, I guess it was a bit of gratification seeing political opponents and Jews to get gassed and burned but I digress.
you mean i gotta wait  years until drumpf an heroes?
What I find terrifying is that Trump won't have any death camps before . We need to get this guy a third term.
checked and reddit pilled
Trump's political tactics are the same as Hitler's political tactics.He's even ahead of schedule.Thank you, Jesus.
But Trump mocked a disabled reporter (he didn't) so it's basically the same thing! DRUMPF!
Final Solution ; electric boogaloo. This time the death camps are in Madagascar.
either him or Patton, add some Tesla shit and its even better than Dark
blumph is literally hitlerSorry senpai but hes been prez for  years and he hasn't done shit

first death campWaitwaitwait.So the Holocaust happened in only THREE years? Not six?
I can't wait to masturbate them to death and put them on the rollercoaster to hell.
/pol/ already established that he's the reincarnation of Patton
FTFY
so wait...all the leftistst have been saying since Trump's inauguration the he's "literally Hitler"but if he was truly and literally Hitler, by OP's graph, even if Trump is re-elected, by the US constitution, Trump would be out of office for two years before the first "death camp"so historically, all the whining libs have been demonstrably wrong
Did anyone else read this in a woody Allen voice, or is that just me
Yes. If you're going to embrace revisionism you should at least learn the basics.
AND UNDER BUDGET
Under budget and ahead of schedule
S O O N .
Twitter=CCP paid shills
For white people. I wonder if Israel snaps their fingers and tells their puppet to burn whites in ovens if he'd do it? He does seem very anti-white. On the other hand Biden would to it for sure even without his jew bosses telling him to.
This is HR-Manager-tier word salad
Fuhrer Baron Von Trump. Canada will be the Anschluss.
My cock is terrifyingly erect.
Tucker however will probably have the spot of our Goebbels.All his monologues were written by a bald goofball though? I haven't had time to watch his show recently, is his material still as good since that guy got fired?

god, i wish this to be true
Holy shit...guys.... this vocabulary... he's so smart.... damn....The russian conspiracy... it's all coming together... damn who BIDEN here now?
My girlfriend keeps asking who's picture this is up on my mantle. Should I tell her, boys?
post WWMost Ashkenazi immigrants to U.S. immigrated -. Those were predominately Eastern Ashkenazic. Western Ashkenazic Jews were already the majority outside of the Southern colonies in the th century (possibly as early as the s according to one source), although they were a very small population until the massive wave of German immigration in the mid th century, which brought a substatial number of German Jews with it. Sephardim were only dominant among American Jewry very early on.
Welcome home, my fellow American! <
This is now a National-Socialist States of America flag thread

i wish this was true.
literally fuck drumph this hitler piece of shit fascist dictator
Take your ideology soup back to Bunkerchan, red nigger
Be still my heart.
Gake and fay
LeafSage in all fields.
I bet you’re literally shaking right now please just go blow some nigger Chang
Do you guys think that after  years, in s, we'll stop hearing about WW and the Nazi and the Gestapo? Californians/Twitter run to WW literally Hitler soundbytes faster than teenagers grounded on prom night.

Who ever they areThey most likely visit this board.
Living in a city, being socialized in that environment, it rots your brain.
No shit. We're literally Weimar tier at this point.
Really leaf. The CCP needs to pay better
Ironically enough, they will use this propaganda to radicalize the left against Trump. Then they become the real fascists by fighting imaginary monsters.
Always good to see GLR -- kikery will pay for murdering him.
Jogger call them muslims whats with the faggy name uugers or what ever the fuk.
Christ, look at that fat cunt's face. Americans love him because he looks like most of them.
kikes*
LiTeRaLlY hItLeR
AND PEOPLE WONDER WHY TRUMP HAS TO SAY NICE THINGS ABOUT JEWS TO A DISGUSTING EXTENT. IF HE SAID ONE WRONG THING THESE HITLER ARTICLES AND ATTACKS WOULD INCREASE  FOLD
Under budget and ahead of schedule
Wtf i love Trump now.
And you are over reacting.Shut up and go to sleep.
HindenburgHow long until we get the definitive Fuhrer?
Well if that means he's going to unfuck Weimar Amerika then I don't really see the problem

This is some Jewry fear-mongering. Fuck off shill. ((they)) don't care about genocide. They endorse it.
Slight problem with this timeline
RehlingHmm interesting last name, sounds German
he is ahead of scheduleKek, absolutely insane. By the end of  Hitler had virtually no enemies left in Germany.
the traumphe ah... similar to... the heetlar...
Now i'm really voting Trump
wait, we gotta wait two more fuckin years for our first kristallnacht?
Lol yeah Hitler said he might never leave office... people are getting dangerously retarded
Dude so epicly Let's all engage in your homo livestream when the time comes it'll be heckin based and pilled
I'm sure no one would ever lie about something so horrible.no human would. the kikel posse play by their own rules though
The same kind of retardation will come to your country my lad
Zion DonLiterally Hitler
Nah, Patton.
So hitler was a philosemite? Gee, can’t trust the Jews with anything.
Philosophical stuffLol fucking retard
some people die in campsHAHAHA
overly simpleThere are  genders.Races are White, black, Asian, and other/mixed/who caresHumans are selfish, get over itFreedom is the best system of economicsTruth is simple, pal. Work out, drink water, get enough rest, eat meat and veggies, be polite yet decisive.
 more years.
Is the right side gonna win this time?
Dumb like is ignoring the political process Hitler had to go through from -.
I’m actually starting to believe this, thats hoe hysterical the left has become
based trump based trump
holy kek Hitler only had  years to burn the  gazillion?

Still voting Trump
I miss him
Fuck I hope so lol.
Why get my hopes up.
 or bust!
It's your great grandpa G.L.
you're not gonna do shit except eat tendies and jerk to loli you fat nigger
I want to believe
lmao
wtf I hate trump now
Its only terrifying if he fails like gHitler
And they're still trying to get inFucking kek
I love how most of the shit on the NO list cannot function together, like Islam and Political correctness, like you genuinely cannot expect someone whose religipus dogma is simply put to submit others to the divine will to be ready for concession as part of a politically correct (such a fucking perverse term) discussion where no one is to be superior to the others...
you alive in Honk honk
If she gets mad she's not the one. If she joins the party then you marry her.
Wtf, I love Trump now
With the exception of the SA, of course
me
Digits and it comes true. Let's go!
Can you reddit refugees please fuck off back to you’re cesspit of shit. Every single detail of any social or political observation must be scrutinised and checked under a microscope like it will actually benefit anyone within our society.  gender is more complex We have seen the results of transgenderism and it ends at the end of a rope or diseases  race is more complex This sort trivial thought game comes from retards thinking “oh you have % get btfo racist” like their is no observable differences between those of a different race. Those on the left say colour blindness is “racist” because even they accept we are not the same.
COMMUNISM
Democratic capitalism is at an end, Putin will bring New communist capitalism. China and Russia will form the eurasian alliance and then ww will begin.

Religion is a backwards old world belief, you need only to worship the dear leaders.
https://youtu.be/JHhrHBvFo
Holy based. Heaven is beating
It will never work

It will work, when the communists win the war, and the world is red. You can't have communism without global cooperation. You need the US to disappear.
You gotta crack a few eggs if you wanna make an omelette, weakling.
Real communism has never been tried because it needs to actually work for it to be tried
It can't exist without a totalitarian regime, if you want to live in one good luck with that
Obviously, USSR didn't even guarantee the workers own the value of their own labour.
better beat you so you don't stab anyone.
The dictatorship of the proletariat is only temporary. A transition towards true communism.Children need to be taught how to behave before they are given freedom.
These retards aren't real communists. Communism needs to be implemented via a brutal totalitarian regime. Purges have to be conducted, until all that remains is pure red
at least with an omelette you end up with an omelette for your broken eggs and effort.
Look around society is too retarded to do something together, it in the people's nature to seek small groups, nations, races, etc. If you don't get reed of identity you can't have communism, if you want to be some child of the world do your thing
move to china then you euro-beaner.
What about Denmark?
The practicalities are different from what we have in mind, because of a little thing called "the USA constantly blocking communist countries from trading". You can't have equality and justice in a nation that doesn't grow because of permanent war.Yeah who do we have to thank for the fruitless effort? America's constant interference.That's why we need a totalitarian regime. For reeducation.America's collapse has already begun, son. See you on the other side.
reeducationif you don't decode human's nature nothing will ever change
I'll make sure I piss on your monument.
Someone on leftypol claimed that the cnt was more brutal than Stalin.I believe that guy desu.I don't buy this the cnt was workers paradise.
You know how we made dogs? We took under our wing wolves that were friendly to humans, and let the rest die. Same way can people be reeducated, not just through beatings, but through the elimination of the bad ones. It's artificial selection. Only obedient and high IQ humans will remain.
And that's a good thing. It's all blue jew vs red jew. Sage in all fields and go suck some more dicks OP.
If dog is hungry he will still eat a human

The system will be successful, why would they starve?fuck off meme flaggotBrutality is a means to an end.True communism needs no monuments. The past is just a hindrance.
That's not the system the monument will be constructed under. It will stand to show what happens to people like you.
I don't deny communism caused the deaths of millions. The blood of the innocents shall water our lands and bring bread to the few strong remaining for generations to come.
Pinochet was pretty based. Weeding out weak communism. A pitty he wasn't a communist himself.
Nothing about you implies strength. In fact you reek of weakness.
You're caricaturizing communism with modern propaganda. The poor aren't taken in, unless there's any benefit to it. The poor are weak and left to die in the fields. Don't you remember the holodomor?
Okay so I thought of the following. The lack of incentives is what holds back socialism so why not do the following.Every worker gets to grade each other and give a score from  star to  stars and gets paid accordingly. And if you get  star you get sent off to the gulag (its just work camp you pansies)
sorry i like food
blah blah blah six million timesfuck offsage
guess this will be you then. you won't be missed.
Yes, a meritocracy would be ideal. I don't know if you're aware of this, but in soviet communism there was incentivation of those who most contributed to the nation.
If that is the case, so be it. A true man is forged through hardship, and if he dies trying, he wasn't a true man.
incentivation incentivisationuneducated commie. you get the rope.
 grammar mistake and "uneducated". I'm not a fuckin anglo, why don't you guys finish collapsing already?
I'll turn your commie ass into windchimes for my future anglo flower garden.
Anglos have no future.
it will never be implemented, so it working should not even be a discussion.
if a system needs such specific and exact implementation to even stand a small chance of success then its a pretty shit system
dream on euro-beaner, dream on.
windchimeseven less inconspicuous than lampshades, nice
Fault lies not in the system itself but on people's debauchery. Hitler learnt it the hard way, you can't fight the whole world.What do you think the EU is all about?
fuckwad who's never studied history
Spain also used to be the biggest empire. What happund?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcmhTBEIAeohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRdgbSRYQtshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fujBNTvc
what happund in spain goyim?fuck off
It collapsed. Every empire collapses when corrupted by liberal capitalism.
Take your meds, jamon schizoI've experienced communism first hand and it definitely sucks.
Weakling
just ignore these western retards
yes yes it "collapsed" just like the th and st century west
the fault is always subjective, for point of every system there is a fault in people. if you mean that people are evil and communist is good, then I think you would have hard time seriously defending that position.
westernhe is spanish% not whitejust a worthless commies with shit colored skin
spanish not whitehave you looked at any spaniards lately?
If you think capitalism is a modern invention, you're a retard. The only modern aspect of capitalism is the financial system, capitalist countries have always existed. Absolutist monarchies were nothing more than capitalist entities with totalitarian control of the population.People aren't evil, they're just dumb and weak degenerates that can't control their urges.Not that it matters to me, but I'm white as the milk. Ideology goes beyond color of skin or nations.
i guess they are whiter than you mutley
never TRULY triednever TRULY implementednah you faggots just got your asses handed to you time and time again
inferring something not written because you're the actual retarddo carry on
communism is an ideology which tries to satisfy people's urges on mass scale.
People aren't eviloh fuck me i hope you are not older than  otherwise life will get you hard lesson
stay mad "latvian"
Yeah you try and fight a massive weapons producer holding control over the world's trade routes. Doesn't have anything to do with ideology but sheer power. The US is rich in resources, they don't really need to import anything.
no one wants your ideologycommunism is for fucking retards who have sub par iq.if you scummy faggots where not pushing for a repeatably failed ideology i might get on board.
The US is rich in resources, they don't really need to import anything.truethis is why the idea the us needs to rely on anything outside its own borders to live and prosper is a lie
The good-evil dichotomy is the childish notion. Would you say a lion is evil for killing and eating other animals? It's opportunism, plain and simple.Call it evil if it makes you feel better though.World domination is first required, otherwise we can't triumph.
You’re honestly a fucking disgrace to man-kind , you want to give the government the power to control so much shit , and you think it will never go sideways? You want the same government who wanted operation north woods to be a thing , who sells guns to Mexican narcs , who profits of its own drug war , who has never had a war in their own mainland for almost two centuries yet destroyed everywhere else, who constantly lobbies bills in their own senate, who buys out television networks , this shit is not in the past it’s in the present and the future , and your dumbass wants to give them that kind of power? Please kill yourself anon, you only want communism cause your lazy ass doesn’t want to get a proper job or education , I genuinely want to see an article tomorrow about the communist moron on chan who died of suicide.
so what do you think of the spanish civil war, spaniard?
oh im absolutely seething
Oh fuck off. You can just as easily say America had to deal with an absolutely colossal superpower with endless resources that essentially controlled eurasia, yet America managed to cope.The fact it "couldn't be implemented" despite the USSR being a legitimate superpower just shows how flawed fundamentally communism is. It wouldn't be able to handle a stiff breeze without a real government having to be formed. "real" communism is pure fantasy nonsense despite the fact is undesirable in the first place.
tal y como lo entiendo el comunismo no es mas que genocidio esclavitud y pobreza...tan sol si ese es tu objetivo podrias suscribir tal experimento basado en falsas premisas economicasdices que no se ha implementado en la realidad, no se como llamas a los autodenominados gobiernos comunistas que no han hecho mas que fracasar en traer ese paraiso que profesas
kekhollow larp faggotbut do go on
A benevolent tyrant is always better than degenerate debauchery.If you think the system in place is a meritocracy you live in a fantasy world, it's all about opportunity, and it only encourages being a complacent asslicker of the masses.Communism would provide a true meritocracy through special salaries to those who most contribute to the nation's GDP.
never hasnever will
nothing hollow about the state of your biracial shit hole the used to be the envy of the world
Communism would provide a true meritocracy through special salaries to those who most contribute to the nation's GDP.What you just described is not real communism.
That Hitler should've stayed out of it, but shit happens.America managed to cope.Dude russia barely has any fertile land, compared to the US, and they rely on caucassian oil fields. USA has Texas, as well as endless fertile lands between the east coast and the rockies. Not to mention their alliance with the UK which granted a huge inffluence in global trade. The military industry boom also helped build the largest military in the world, to help further enforce trade on their terms.Correlación no es causalidad. El comunismo no es lo único que influenció la pobreza de los paises comunistas.Si eres de sudamerica, no es sorpresa que el comunismo falle. No teneis la base de poder necesaria para implementarlo.
on the right track, but then you derail yourself, gl
You fucking realize that all it takes for a communist system to be fucked up even though it went well for god knows how many centuries is ONE cock sucker?And what a hypocrite, you say today’s system make people become asslickers yet the one “successful” communist system today is China , and what do you know , the Chinese are asslickers to the CCP ignoring the concentration camps , the corrupt government , the pollution made by the government ignoring the masses health , imprisoning the people who criticize the CCP , you’re a fucking hypocrite OP.
Anyone else notice (((sudden weight gain))) during the (((pandemic)))?
No. I haven't eaten out since the end of February. I've lost weight.
You gained lbs in  months? You're a fucking retard and clearly never had any discipline to begin with.
Were you fit or lardass before? I also haven’t been eating out and been cooking from scratch (or my gf). Could also be my gf spiking my food, been noticing her and women in general acting crazy these days.
Wanna avoid weight gain?Eat like a Type- Diabetic
Stop eating shit. The wife and I have both lost  lbs since COVID. Making your own food and planning meals really keep calories down and saves a fuck load of money. I’ll sacrifice walking in through the mouth breathers at the store once a week for fresh produce my garden can’t supply
The opposite for me I've been working out consistently and have gotten much more lean even though I eat like shit now compared to before quarantine
I gain weight super easily. It was more like  lbs but still. My gym routine got fucked and I got lazy.

Were you fat or /fit/ before? I’ve been hearing this but usually from overweight ppl who never exercise.
So you stopped doing the basics of pushups, sit ups, pull ups, running, etc and just ate without any regard?
I've lost  lbs since this shit began. Saved a ton on groceries and I'm in shape for whatever the fuck is coming next. Nothing is in the food. Your fat ass is just being lazy and eating too much.
. BMI to 
What is your workout? Do you have a home gym? Not having easy access to weights is killing me.
Working out doesn't matter. Bullet trumps two rocks. Can't wait to see tfw killed by a lb american sniping out of his mothers attic then using his trained pitbulls to pick your dead corpse for loot to then order online dominos delivered straight to my doorstep.
catch covid-virus triggers type- diabetes Master plan.
If you lost  lbs in  months you were probably  lbs before and are still fat as fuck now.
Damn where did this guy get a window into the future of civilization? Glad you took a picture
I've stayed the same weight. Because I still get drunk every night.
lost lbs in  monthsNo, you didn't.
It's been  months my guy. I started getting my ducks in a row when I first heard about Covid in China. OMAD and working out does wonders.
You want some help bro?
see
I am ' " as well and any time I am unemployed and inactive I tend to gain wait. I also tend to eat a bit more since I am depressed. I own up to the fact that my weight gain is my own doing and completely unrelated to a government conspiracy theory unlike the immanent takeover. Cheers dikbutt.
I ate normally and did basics, but probably not at high enough intensity. I had a weight routine before at the gym whoch got jewed but I still exercised regularly. I am thinking my gf could be spiking my food, I’ve actually eaten less overall since this began.
I was underweight and gained  lbs in . months by drinking a gallon of whole milk a day and eating a lot. I am thinking of going back on the diet to get to  lbs.
You didn't lose lbs in  months either.
Thanks kike, your input is noted.
Vaccines trigger Type-, not diet.
I gained about lbs
OP i did notice weight gain was more resistant. I've started staying on my feet all day via snake man and now im staying slim again.
I'm lying about losing the weight on an anonymous forum for what reason exactly? There's literally nothing to gain.
I'm a kike for acknowledging that some theories have credence and some are completely absurd? I'm a kike for saying that people must acknowledge their own actions? The absolute state of /pol/.
I wish I were capable of gaining weight like you fat fucks.
'"also gained  lbs
You're just fat. Take your meds.
spiked with fucking what? You sound like a retard dude. I somehow managed to still stay fit and drop a few pounds during this bullshit. When you do  push ups a day,  sit ups, and  pull ups, plus running - miles, you can do just fine.
Literally nothing in my life changed durring the pandemic. I dont how i should feel about that.
Thanks, if I ever need a lamp you’re my guy
I dont pay attention to my weight, I just keep lifting and eating as normal. As long as i don't have a gigantic belly im fine. Can care less for packs just worry about nice pecs and arms.
Sugar dumbfuck. Shave a zero off of those rep numbers and I might believe you, or keep projecting you’re clearly an insecure fatass.
Fellow '". No major change. Cooking every meal at home. Eat less shitty food. Probably snack and drink a bit more to keep weight even. Guess is you're probably doing the same, but still eating takeout/delivery.
I gained about  kgs, lost it all pretty quickly. Maybe you just need to stop being a fat shit.
Yeah, I gained  pounds that definitely, definitely wasn't there before February. I'm a victim of this panic, not a lack of personal responsibility at all.
Yeah six packs mean very little except for faggots and fuckbois. You give good advice but for me weight is something I need to watch out for.
It's not hard man. It's about spacing it out. If you did  push ups or situps every time you took a piss, do you realize how many you could do in one day?
fortpls
If you do  a day you are half repping unless you are a navy seal or a manlet.  every time you take a piss must fuck up your bathroom, your home must smell like shit.

You’re probably an absolute fatass looking to feel a little bit less like a  lb whale.
I have legit been doing  push ups after every piss. And I piss a lot because I drink a lot of water. Sit ups, I do  in the morning,  in the afternoon,  after work, and  after running with my dog. Pull ups, I bought one of those BS doorway ones and use that. None of what I said is hard if you actively try to do it. You just seem lazy. Let me guess, you bench on a Smith machine at the gym?
Yeah you sound like halfrep king, that is not how you work out my bro.
i do the same shit actually. been lazy today though. i throwing in hand stands for - seconds and also hangs for a shorter duration for variety as well
Not a SEAL but I was in the Marines when I was younger, which instilled a great deal of discipline and fitness in me.
Ah, if you were in the marines I believe you. Are you a manlet or full-sized human?
How do you feel about crayolas new blm crayon box?
I didn't say diet, I said the virus could trigger it.
Marines are short mexicans.
You’re probably an absolute autist that misses jokes.
i will say doing this every fucking day may lead to injury for anyone lurking abs ive noticed dont hurt when working them dailymy best gains have come from idling around parks, running until im a bit beyond tired, doing a few pull ups, and repeating for a few hours then resting for a dayscuzzbrush races bring me nightmare
Depends on what you're definition of a manlet is. I'm '". Regardless, everything I just said is attainable. It's literally about discipline and making yourself do it.
No I got it, but you still come off as an insecure fatass
I lost around  lbs during quarantine. My eating habits actually got worse since I began to actively avoid the super markets once the panic buying started. All in all though, my weight has been fluctuating between  &  for years
I fucking eat them all.
Semper crayola debil doge!
put some weight on man.
King of manlets then. I know how to work out but probably not at marine level discipline. You should alternate exercises and not do  of anything daily though.
nice try, fatass
What do you weigh?
I've been losing weight, but that probably has to do with cocaine use. I mainly eat frozen pizzas and BLTs Lol... Also I fuckin lift big weights (not really, but kinda).
Push ups are nothing to me, dude. I don't think you understand how many I used to have to do haha. I'm just saying, without a gym, this is what I was doing, that's all. Running was probably the best thing for me, because I had been neglecting that. I was wearing my dog out some days, and this german shepherd can fuckin' run.
How many gallons of soda did you drink a day ? How many sugar shit did you eat ?
Well if that's the case, good. Nothing forces you to eat and live healthy like type- diabetes.I know first hand, no room for faggotry.
Right now lbs. But I'm also only about % BF. I'm tired of hearing about ' guys that weigh  lol. If you're '", you should be a minimum of lbs if you are fit. Preferably, you should be above . Skinnyfags get the rope.
an actual schizonobody told him to take his meds???
I gained - pounds at most but am losing it. I had been working out a lot tho in lockdown.Gaining lbs of pure fat is a lot mate. Thats about a  calorie surplus everyday for  months.
Lost  pounds when I got very sick (not corona, got tested) put it all back on in a few weeks with a bit more intense exercise and some big boy sandwiches.
I've been drinking like a fish. None of my pants fit me properly anymore.
Yeah you’re right I probably don’t, marines are pretty fucking hardcore. How many pushups in a row can you do? My personal record is  full rom without breaking form, I bet you guys could knock out at least  in a row easily by end of basic.
jesus.. if you do less you eat less... most people are retarded and don't understand the most simple concept of energy input and energy output.Just do a single week of calorie counting and you will be amazed how much you fucking stuff yourself with.If you want to lose weight you need a calorie deficit and you can achive this by two things, either eat less or burn more energy.
' used to be a pretty solid athletic type ( minute mile and good lifts) nowadays I'm just maintaining what I have.
Same thing happened to me, drank a lot of beer after furloughed from my job.Need to lose a stone at least, but finding it hard to lose.Youre probably getting older op, try not to let yourself get fat in the first place.
Too much logic mate
actually i've started doing cardio and eating less to lose weight. i've already lost nearly kg and i wasn't too fat before as it was. i just watched my and stopped eating jewish snacks and drinking coke
I think that you’re a (((fatass)))
No sugar, and definitely no soda. I will say that you frogs have great bon-jewed food. Every time I visit France I lose like - lbs in a month even though I eat more.
Now? or then? Because I definitely can't knock them out how I use to. -yrs old was the best shape of my life lol. Sometimes I look back and am amazed at what I use to be able to do. Right now, about -.
Most of my co-workers are middle aged and put on -lbs each.Zoomers have just been cooming and getting pudgy tooIf america shuts down again in the fall it will literally be the west at it's weakest
Just take DNP, start out with mg and go up to  soon
Like I said, I fluctuate over the years. The pandemic brought me down to  by May, now I'm around  and putting on a bit more
am i the only one that lost weight?
Hi Anon. It wouldn’t surprise me given how messed up this timeline is. Maybe the only way to do it as you get older is to starve yourself like those Holocaust guys.
don't bother   is either a seething fatty that sees your weight loss as a reminder of their own inadequacy that if they actually tried could achieve or they are a seething kike that isn't geting your snack shekels. keep it up anon
I know how to calorie count and have been eating less and run - miles per day (.- km/day). This is why I think my gf might be spiking my food, she hasweird hangups about weight.
Get a cheap scale and weigh yourself every morning without exception. Track your weight. Set small goals for yourself, and if you fail to meet them, impose a mandatory -hour fasting period on yourself. In a couple months, you will be in much better shape.
Dude, just work hardercarnivore it
I lost weight by starting a shake diet during lockdown. Easy when in a routine. Seeing some nice side abs now. Hard when life chaotic though, which mine now is.
Fatass yes but no ((()))
plz be fat so I can justify my pig like eating habitstop kek
Let me back this up with, I will not have perfect form at  any more though.
My gym routine got fucked and I got lazy./thread/. Go back to /b/ or /fit/. This post isnt politics related.
Been trying, almost no carbs. But it hasn’t been working, something is (((wrong))).
I dropped a bit over  in a year once. But I was on just  kcal per day. Seems an unlikely thing to pull off in  months unless you start out at  foot tall  lbs or some shit.
muscular people that maintain their diet are gaining weight because they can't exercise as much. Instead of marginalizing their regiment to compensate for the situation, they're going full speed.A vice by any other name is still a vice.
I eat well and little carbs and no junk. Bet you’re eating cheetos with your dirty coomcovered fingers right now big boy.
shows a picture of steroid abuse as an example
battle of the bulge
D
lbs checking in. I lost  lbs during quarantine, then gained  back.
I suppose I just happen to have the best genes.I don't have to think my eating at all. I eat when I like, what I like. My system tells me when to stop. My weight is very stable year in, year out.Same with drinking. I can drink what I want and two, three days in a row, then my system just tells me to stop. No issues whatsoever.
Yeah I literally have no idea what you're talking about. When the pandemic started I lost my job, so I just hung out in my garage and did calisthenics and ate chicken legs (poverty food of the gods btw). By late May I'd gone from lbs to , and had abs coming in. My weight has shot back up but that's because I'm literally so poor that I had to tap into my barrel of emergency riceIdk what you're doing but maybe you just need to eat less and cut your carb intake down to 
i've actually sadly lost weight. without the gym i'm not physically straining myself enough to keep up with my old appetite and i'd say it would make me sick to eat even half of what i used to but i literally cannot even get to the point of eating that much now, i'm just not even as hungry to begin with. haven't eaten breakfast in  months - now that i think of it - i don't think i've even eaten within - hours of waking up in general for the last  months
If you're naturally a skinny guy, then eat up, and hit the weights. Don't eat bullshit though. I'm not saying to eat  calories from McDonalds.
i believe you, i do this. fuck them.
 Cals a day is insane. Were you in a PoW camp or something? I dropped  lbs in one summer at age  just by running  miles a day and cutting carbs, but my metabolism is slower now at .
no carbs memeThe only way to diet is to starve yourself. Be it gradually or otherwise. Trying to go cold turkey will shock your system and force it into survival mode. Learn to fast.
So you're about -lbs with no muscle? Just because you can "eat what you want" does not mean you're in shape or healthy.
Cool, still impressive if you can so  full form in a row.
I dropped  lbs since the lock-in. Too bad I have stretch marks on my gut now :(
Fasting sounds like a jew meme. I need to be able to focus throughout the day and use my brain a lot for my job.
Yeah I can do - in a row with great form. After that, I need a break if I'm going to continue with perfect form. I'm  but my body feels so much older sometimes lol
Is homosexuality a mental illness or a choice?
?????
You can't choose to have an illness?
Both.They choose to be mentally ill.
Why would anyone even REMOTELY conservative be catholic in current year?pope is a leftist faggothalf of the cardinals are leftist faggotsmembers of the clergy openly promote leftism and nothing happens to them Like dude, catholic history is cool and all, crusades and thomas aquinas and shit, but it's over. And no, being a sedevacantist or "resisting" is just a mental cope that makes no sense.
After returning from military training under Covid I realized how pathetic the Catholic Church is. Never looking back.
Nicene Christianity. st edition is the only way to roll
how was it?
pope is a leftist faggotwronghalf of the cardinals are leftist faggotsSo? FSSP & co make up a disproportionate amount of young priests.
I just pray to God in private now. Simplest way. Feels great, too. Fuck the Catholic church. They lost their way a long, long time ago.
wingfags get the rope
pope is a leftist faggotwrongHe's a full blown communist. Even if he's not an actual faggot he hasn't lifted a finger to cleanse the ranks of those vow breaking degenerates.
He's a full blown communist.Prove it.
Catholic Church is in crisis. All popes after Pius XII have not been valid and neither was the Vatican II council. The Church need you more than ever. The Gates of Hell will never prevail against Her, The Bride of Christ be he is certainly trying his best. Stay strong brothers. Pray for Strength, and Wisdom. We will need both to fend off the evil that has interrupted our Church.
washes nigger feet because of white guilt and is pro mass immigrationvisits leftist dictatorships while talking shit about governments that slightly lean rightmuh oppressed lgbtyeah, sure lol
pope is a leftist faggothalf of the cardinals are leftist faggotsmembers of the clergy openly promote leftism and nothing happens to themCatholic dogma is what matters and no Pope or Cardinal can change it. Denounce the heresies and join a solid traditionalist group. It's what a lot of good Catholics are doing.
crusadesPope Urban II the pope who started the crusades to free the "Holy Land" was Jewish....Surprise.The Temple-R-Us Knights were their version of the modern Goy soldier dying for Zog/IsraelTHE DARK HISTORY OF THE TEMPLARShttps://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sociopolitica/templars/knights_templars.htmThe Templar were Butt Brothers.The Templars' confessions made references to perverted sexual practices. Homosexuality was rife between the Knights.It is said that the Templars' official seal symbolizes this kind of relationship.
 After this many of his disciples went back; and walked no more with him. Then Jesus said to the twelve: Will you also go away? And Simon Peter answered him: Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life. And we have believed and have known, that thou art the Christ, the Son of God.There is no where else to go. The Catholic Church is the only Church with the Tradition, Sacraments and Magisterium given all of its power by the Lord Jesus Christ. To where shall we go for there is nowhere for us to go.
Nicene ChristianityI prefer Chalcedonian . worked out the most glaring bugs
This, both churches are in disarray, but the Latin church is and has been facing a crisis.
 T. King Louie of France
Because the visible "church" isn't the Catholic Church. The Catholic Church is the sum of all true traditional Catholics.Francis Borgolio isn't a valid pope he is antipope. Just because there are antipopes or heretics/apostates larping in the visible church doesn't mean abandoning Christianity is the right thing to do.Extra Ecclesiam Nulla Salus. Prots, Orthodogs, Jews, Atheists, and Muslims all go to hell.
catholoids get the rope when
Denying the One True Church just because it's being infiltrated by all sorts of evil people and organizations so now it doesn't look cool anymore to your political and utilitarian worldviews and you cant larp with it anymore, instead of fighting even harder to ward off the evil that has been attacking it.He changes religion depending on what looks cool to him and fits his worldview like a glove, acting like an absolute relativist thus being no better than the worst of commiesYou're weak cowards, dumbfucks who never truly understood catholicism to begin with and are surely going to hell with that brainlet mentality.eat lead and drink bleach, you niggers.Based. Amen, brother.
Did God not grant you a soul and a reasoned mind to see it? Truth will always be truth, even if the book in which it was written crumbles to dust.
Why would anyone even REMOTELY conservative be catholic in current year?Why would anyone even REMOTELY conservative be Christian in current year? Especially since Christianity is a Jewish immigrant religion.
it is still the one true church even as it rots from withinTalk about brainlet mentality
Take the independent fundamental Baptist pill. True Chads and adherents to Gods only word, the KJV. Queers need not apply.
Popes come and go. The next pope will be from Africa and then they’ll return to Italian/European popes
The Church can never rot. Just as nothing tainted can enter heaven. If a person loses the faith, becomes a heretic/apostate they are no longer in the church.Most of the people who identify as Catholics today aren't Catholics they're Protestants larping as Catholics. They don't believe the dogmas, they don't hold the faith they are not by the church definition Catholic.Vaticancatholic.com
Please hurry up and start martyr me already! I just want to be with God and leave this sinful world! You people always talk about killing us well get to it I am ready!
Bump. I only go to my local church to just socialize but it's better to pray by yourself. I've felt much better and closer to God once I started praying and reading the Bible by myself.
because it's being infiltrated by all sorts of evil people Is it "infiltrated"? Who said that? Because people who have actually authority in the church don't think that. Why should anyone believe you?so now it doesn't look cool anymore to your political and utilitarian worldviews and you cant larp with it anymoreYou're the larper, nice projection. "The church is totally cool and traditional because I said so. It doesn't matter if the pope says I have to drink nigger's cum". and fits his worldview like a gloveIt doesn't need to fit like a glove, it needs to be decent. When it repeats leftist rhetoric word for word then it doesn't classify as decent anymore.and are surely going to hell Oh nooo i'm going to bad place, i'm so afraid waa ;-; :(((, should've kissed Jamal's feet like the church taught me to. I don't believe in anything, but the catholic church is so blatantly bad, so blatantly pozzed, it makes me wonder.
There are definitely traditionalist groups. I ran into a guy at a bar who was familiar with E.Michael Jones and attends the Latin Mass.
As a baptist, often demonized by catholics, I say fuck off! I don't like the current pope, don't agree with catholic doctrine, but to hell with D&C anti-christian BS!
Because you can be against mass migration just following the Bible. As example:Mass migrants are cheated to pay Big money to human's smugglers to find "paradise" and all they find is ti pick up the harvest fucking local workers. Wouldn't It be better to have their local nations improved?Here you go. This is how you can be catholich and not a lefty Bonus point: Catholicism condemns heavily the adultery. It's society leavign religion which leads to clown world
Another bonus point:Leftys here hates the Church.
half of the cardinals are leftist faggotsYou incurable optimist!What I wanna know is who was the jew that blackmailed Ratzinger to leave as a Pope, it only happened one other time in  years!!!!
Catholicism condemns heavily the adultery. It's society leavign religion which leads to clown worldBecause the Catholic Church is weak and pathetic and does almost nothing to fight against progressivism. Instead they should be explicitly, courageous, saying "you don't belong here if you do this shit". The entire Catholic church should be like the SSPX. Leftys here hates the Church.Here too. But guess what, a lot of catholics are lefties and lot of the clergy is lefty despite that. Okay, so fuck the baptist church too. Are you satisfied now?
It's because it is real church.fuck politics, religion comes first.
Pope Urban II the pope who started the crusades to free the "Holy Land" was JewishHonestly, did you just pull that right out of your ass?
Based and sede pilled
washes nigger feet because of white guilt and is pro mass immigrationThe washes feet is an old cerimony and have nothing yo do with white guilt, you retarded macaco.
Brasil-chan you need to understand. You live in a place where the Catholic Church was openly infiltrated by Commies. Go look up liberation theology. The rest of the Catholic world is in a bad state but you are in the worst of the worst.
To me, it's all of institutional Christianity that is fucked. They all went along with retarded covid hysteria and willingly shut their doors down due to fear of a flu. I've been organizing house meetings and Bible studies because it's decentralized and under the radar. Christians in America and the west should start thinking like persecuted minorities because that's what we are. When you can go to communist rallies in mass numbers but can't meet to pray, it is by design. It's to persecute you for your faith. So we can't depend on institutions anymore. We can only depend on Christ and our fellow Christians. And I think the best way to do that is to meet in secret in each other's homes the way the early church did.
Search for trad catholics. I'm done with you, dumbfuck.
This most of the shit /pol/ comes at Catholics with is either misunderstood, taken out of context, made up, conspiracy shit or just plain retarded.
The church turned the second the leftists hinted at making a certain orientation legal.
Because Catholics are the only denomination who, by and large, actually care about architecture.But the papacy is fucked. I'm holding out for a real pope. If they elect a nigger or another spic commie I think I'll just leave.
The early Church still has priests and Sacraments. They weren't just meeting to study the scripture. They were holding Mass on altars in those catacombs. Though I hear and feel the sentiment. My Church is open at the moment but I am if things go a certain way well yeah...
most young priests are extremely devoted to Christ and the Church, many are very traditionalcelebration of the Latin Mass is growing, so much that even Bishop Barron has to take notice of italmost every new bishop is more traditional, some younger archbishops are very traditional indeed (like Archbishop Sample in Portland)old faggoty generation that protected pedophiles continues to die off in drovesPope Francis is not nearly as left-wing and commie as most mainstream media sources think he is, constantly upholds the Doctrine and Dogma of the Churchvocations to the priesthood are rising, so are women who want to be nuns and men who want to be monks.If this were ten years ago it would be fine to be pessimistic about the Catholic Church. But where have you been for the past decade, OP? Have you been paying attention? Are you just a memer who looks at headlines? Because if you weren't, you'd realize that things are actually looking up for the Church these days. There are strong signs that the night is almost over and the dawn is coming soon.
Nigger is actually our best hope to save the Church in our lifetime. The Africans were all converted by Arch Bishop Lefebvre who created the SSPX they are Trad as fuck especially since they have to live near Muslims all the time.Funny thing you notice it is the Bishops who live around Muslims who are the most Trad. Wonder why?
When you are deprived of preists and sacraments, you have nothing but baptism and the word. This is how many Korean and Japanese Catholics worshipped during persecution. If you can find a preist who will come to your house, even better. But if not, we have to stay fed somehow.
This guy gets it. Furthermore, Catholicism is not limited to the USA - I would argue that some of the most leftist and cancerous Catholicism exists in the anglosphere
Agree %. I just wanted to make sure we were clear. Modernist like to make shit up about the early Church for their agenda.
On a tangent, I've realized the Muslims are not necessarily our enemies. Islamic societies "barbarism" is perhaps a defense mechanism for the exact shit we see happening in our society. Also / Arabs are redpilled about Israel.
I still haven't even listened a single priest telling people to vote commies. They do say the opposite:" we don't believe in bloody revolutions".Anyhow: churches here are EMPTY. When i go on Sunday there is % old people and just a few youngs. Stop blamming the Church for society's sins
I haven't seen a nun in like  years mate no way those cunts are growing.
Female priests? Nope.Gay priests? Nope.Protestants have both.
Right. Thanks, Polandbro. But I focus on America because I am, myself, an American, and because I know that the true Satanic rot, the woke cancer, the LGBTQ Satantic bullshit, emanates from us. We, we Americans, must confront this, because it comes from us and it leaks out into the rest of the world, including into your country. The Satanic faggot pedophile nonsense must be combated HERE, in my country. And so it is very good news that the Church in the United States is looking like it is up to the task. We are recovering from our devastation over the past  years. We are starting to have good priests and good bishops again, and though many have left our ranks, when the clergy and the hierarchy are good, the ranks of the laity grow. The evil in the world right now emanates from the United States, so it will be up to American Catholics to combat it.Well, us and the French. Fun fact: after the United States, France is the country with the highest amount of priests celebrating the Latin Mass. I like to think it will be France that saves the world, in the end. Isn't there some prophecy about a great French Catholic king?
Except he did it for a black muslim on purpose to show the world how tolerant he is, you stupid negroid piece of shit. fuck politics, religion comes first.Yeah, because religion has nothing to do with politics :) Temperature room IQ subhuman. Search for trad catholicsSearch for this minuscule group in the church and pretend the rest doesn't exist. Then why aren't they punished? Popes come here all the time, are you saying they don't know about it? If they know and don't do jackshit, then they are complicit. Also don't pretend the situation isn't bad everywhere. Many american bishops say they are fighting systemic racism now. It's everywhere.Kek.You know the situation is bad when your solution is waiting for leftists to die so things might change. "They subverted the church for  years as a priest, but he might die someday so it's fine!"So it's just the whole latin america, anglosphere and big part of western europe that is compromised, good to know the rest of the world I don't give a fuck about is doing great.
The church has been infiltrated. They wouldn’t try to infiltrate and destroy fucking Scientology would they? No reason not to remain catholic and wait for the cleanup
Catholicism in America is spread just like its politics. The Big Cities are all filled with Commie loving gay lobbying bishops save a very few examples. Meanwhile the more rural parts of the country have more tradition loving Bishops with the FSSP having a seminary in Nebraska. more years the worst of the rot will be purged. As for the rest of the Church I can not say can only speak for the US Church.
hurr the sins of mortal men change the truth of the teachings of Christplease stop being a brainlet
Cardinal Sarah is unironically the best hope for the Catholic Church. He is trad at and has denounced mass migration of Africans to Europe for instance
Isn't Brazil being overtaken by a wave of neoconservatism right now? With love of Jews and Israel skyrocketing? You could use some Catholicism to set you straight little monkey.
vaticancatholic.com will change ur mind
No reason not to remain catholic and wait for the cleanupWait for how much? Another  years?It's not about sins. I don't give a fuck if some priest fuck whores after the mass is over. But if he explicitly comes out to spout a bunch of degenerate leftist bullshit and nothing happens to him, then it's your church itself that is infected and it needs to go.Neoconservative is pathetic too, but it can't be compared to leftism. A stupid dog fucker like you wouldn't know.
Neoconservative is pathetic too, but it can't be compared to leftism.That's the inner monkey in you speaking. Soon Bolsonaro will start talking about how Israel is Brazil's greatest ally, and how Brazilians need to go defend Israel alongside Americans.
Imagine being catholic and fully submitting to avoiding the use of condoms instead of secretly using them. I met a huge coal burner that couldn't stop having kids because she couldn't just secretly use a fucking condom. It's like thinking Christian's can't masturbate and that we're not all sinners. Catholics are the worst kind of retarded.
As others have said, the younger generation of priests are fucking based. They are a lot more respectable and traditional than the boomer faggots. Many coming out of FSSP and SSPX are even redpilled on the JQ. Catholic Education in Australia has been an absolute joke for decades, with brainlet teachers who aren’t even practicing Catholics shoving all sorts of SJW shit down kids throats. At least in New South Wales this has started to change, and the Catholic curriculum now includes a lot more cool shit about crusades, the church’s history and its traditions. The real church will rise again frens.
Masturbation is a sin.
I get my knowledge of the Catholic Church from the same press that wants me to hate TrumpThe Pope isnt leftist and everything you 'read' about the Church is generated by a media that hates the Church.Stop being a sucker.
wasting your precious seed on thots for  seconds of impulsive pleasureAbsolutely degenerate
I do love hearing a talk by one of them and they get to a part where you just know they want to say Jewish question and they sort of get a smirk on their face.
Or it's like never texting and driving because it's a law and you're too much of a pussy to break laws once in awhile. I can't imagine the lives of these people. I met another catholic girl that I ended up fucking because her husband was super beta and collected action figures and never had a job. She got BTFO by anyone that wondered why she continued having kids with that idiot. Never made sense. They are eternally retarded.
Yes it is! That doesn't mean every Christian stops doing it though like I said. If you're afraid to sin you mind as well just stay inside the rest of your life. That's my fuckin point.
Jesus established the church hundreds of years before then. Catholic dogma is what mattersYou heathens need to start saying "the Word of God is what matters" because your dogma is flawed and misguided.The Catholic Church is the only Church with the Tradition, Sacraments and MagisteriumNone of those save you. You are saved by grace through faith. Truth.
Everyone sins fren. The rules against degeneracy are not arbitrary though, they are in place for a reason though. The church’s fathers knew the damaging effects of submitting oneself to impulsive physical pleasure rather than to sacrifice and pursuit of holiness.
So convert to Protestantism, the watered-down form of Christianity that's BARELY a step above atheism? No. Fucking. THANKS.
The church’s fathersMatthew :And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.
You're not refuting my main point because you know it's true. Tons of people masturbate and break laws that doesn't mean they're all going to hell. It's not like Jesus said don't use a condom but they're so obsessed with authority that they blindly make stupid choices not because of Jesus but because a hierarchical group of priests and popes told them not to. Imagine how boring their life is.
catholics are just as bad if not worse than jewsand the average muslim is so stupid you can't help but have some sympathycathfags are consistently the worst people i've met IRL
convert to protestantismchecked
this fucking argument againCommon sense tells us that Jesus wasn’t forbidding this type of use of the word “father.” To forbid it would rob the address “Father” of its meaning when applied to God, for there would no longer be any earthly counterpart for the analogy of divine Fatherhood. The concept of God’s role as Father would be meaningless if we obliterated the concept of earthly fatherhood.
Or become an atheist, what's the difference?
The clergy of Roman Catholicism are more retarded and anti-biblical than hinduism and buddhism on the upper levels of nothingness.Just read the popes tweets its like he divines them from the skid marks in his underwear every morning.roman catholicism in practice is a bull dyke lesbian rape cult that uses alzheimers old men as a front in dresses as priests.
Based
But in this case they're not sinning because they're a married couple. They're just blindly following hierarchies like lemmings. If they can't use a simple condom then maybe they shouldn't be having sex. They can't afford the children either.
are you currently using drugs, schizo?
Same they're the dumbest people I've ever met. It literally attracts idiots like flies.
they really are pumping out retards over in catholic land aren't they?
Common sense tells us that Jesus wasn’t forbidding this type of use of the word “father.” I literally just quoted Jesus and you're trying to tell me your "common sense" trumps the Word of God? You're lost.
Your point is that people who break laws don’t always go to hell. That’s right, because otherwise there would be literally zero people in heaven. The difference lies in whether you are humble enough to accept your imperfections and seek forgiveness for your wrongdoings. And sorry but wanking to hentai six times a day does not = a fulfilling life
https://twitter.com/Pontifex/status/imagine knowing nothing about scripture and having this individual as your source of information on how it all works.
Holy shit you fucking retardHe was kissing black men’s feet specifically as part of a pro refugee showKill yourself immediately, Catholic shill
You didn’t mention the rampant child raping
why does the average normie cath soccer mom go to great ends to promote the idea that other religions are valid and everyone can go to heaven if they're good meanwhile LARPing crusaderanons preach hellfire for every nonbeliever?at least there's consistency amongst protestant theology, which is that there is one way to heaven and it's through accepting jesus as your lord and savior and repenting of your sins.catholics are fucked in the head every which way and are completely inconsistent.
You gotta stop thinking in those terms. Situations dictate originational structures. Institutions are made up of people. I think Catholics get involved with magical thinking. They believe that the church will one day see a Renaissance because it's God's church. But institutions are made up by men and can be destroyed. Even the church of Rome. Face it, it was nice while it lasted but we need different institutions now. Rome is irredeemable at this point. All we have is each other. There is not gonna be a pope again who restores order.
Idk ive never been religious but the Catholic church is by far the least respectable and most gay.
Bait posts like this make me want to double my efforts to preserve and defend the holy Catholic Church. We have endured for millennia because we are the true faith. We are the guiding light of Europe and we are the core of what made Western Civilization great. May the Father, Son and Holy Spirit find their way into your heart. I will pray to the Blessed Mother that Jesus’ love and sacrifice can resonate with you. You may not understand the message now, but when you are ready to come home, the Church will be there for you.
I live in a rural area and we had a huge pedo scandal in our diocese. The cancer has spread everywhere.
I only wank to women I've met in real life. You're not gonna believe this but some of them feel it too. I've had some of them come up to me the next day and be very friendly lol. I also have a supercharged imagination due to autism so if you believe your thoughts affect reality it takes you down a rabbit hole. I might go to hell for it but idk.
not understanding contextJesus criticized Jewish leaders who love “the place of honor at feasts and the best seats in the synagogues, and salutations in the market places, and being called ‘rabbi’ by men” (Matt. :–). He was using hyperbole to show the scribes and Pharisees how sinful and proud they were for not looking humbly to God as the source of all authority and fatherhood and teaching, and instead setting themselves up as the ultimate authorities. Jesus is not forbidding us to call men “fathers” who actually are such—either literally or spiritually. He is warning people against inaccurately attributing fatherhood—or a particular kind or degree of fatherhood—to those who do not have it.
you forgot all the kiddy diddling
Jesus criticized Jewish leadersNo he criticized hypocrisy. If you're going to quote context, quote the full context:Matthew  Then spake Jesus to the multitude, and to his disciples, Saying The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat: All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not ye after their works: for they say, and do not. For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers. But all their works they do for to be seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garments, And love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the synagogues, And greetings in the markets, and to be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi. But be not ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren. And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven. Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ. But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant. And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.
I don't really listen to what the Pope says anymore, I just kinda pray and live by the morals that I've been taught. It's extremely disappointing to see that the church is trying to interfere with the state now-a-days as well.
A church whose clergy consists entirely of mating rejectsall of whom have something to say about how you should reproduce and conduct your familyand then they want your childrenEw, nope.
It's not about sins. I don't give a fuck if some priest fuck whores after the mass is over. But if he explicitly comes out to spout a bunch of degenerate leftist bullshit and nothing happens to him, then it's your church itself that is infected and it needs to go.You're not very well educated on history, are you? There have been popes openly advocating for x the degeneracy as this one.
Follow true path, not weak and meek faggots.
Join based Orthodoxy, Catholic bros in Christ
I respect the Orthodox church for being one of the original, not watered-down denominations of Christianity (coughcoughProtestantismcoughcough)...but, I see no reason to be anything other than Catholic. Sorry.
Reflection moment, memeflaggot?
Being a Catholic these days involves sifting through a lot of garbage. There's a lot of people who will tell you that you need to believe in everything the Pope says, or an archbishop, or even your priest. They're just authoritarians who get exposed whenever there's a trendy error, their evil used for good.There's also a great wild of new "doctrines" promoted by one person or another, often inspired by their interpretation of a private revelation they read once. The actual doctrine is much more sedate, Mary is the Mother of God, not an anime power level character who's female Arian Jesus who could beat up anybody.You've practically got to be a theologian to pick through the errors you'll see on the internet or from guys like James Martin, SJ. Stick with the good stuff from the past, not the crap that makes the Pope's most questionable statements look good.
I respect your Church
Honestly, does anyone else legitimately feel better about the Catholic Church than about any particular nation or country in the West, or the Christian world?So many so-called Christian countries are brutally pozzed. Christian Europe is basically totally lost, as is Christian North America, and Christian South America isn't far behind.But the Church itself? The Church has been hit with the worst of things and it is still standing, and there are multiple signs that it is now beginning to strongly recover. The Church will be fine. Within  years the Catholic Church will recover from all the damage the th Century did to it.And then the Church is going to have to do what it did when Rome fell in the West: it's going to have to rebuild a collapsed civilization. The Church will survive its catastrophe, but the West will not. Oh, well. We've rebuilt civilization before. We'll do it again. By the grace of God.
Crusaders massacred jews, muslims treated them far better. They always have.
Honestly, does anyone else legitimately feel better about the Catholic Church than about any particular nation or country in the West, or the Christian world?Honestly, I was starting to feel slightly "doom and gloom"-ish about the church, even though I refuse to be anything other than Catholic...but it was this very thread that made me realize that brighter times are ahead.
Soros is that jew
Let,s end the schism. Like Saint-Marie said to the pope to do at the  sisters Fatima
Have absolutely no fear, Catholic friend. Brother in Christ, have no fear and have no despair. Pray the Rosary every single day, and love the Church, and love the Pope, and above all, love Jesus Christ, the one true God of the World.Because we will see the beautiful flower of a better Catholic Church in our lifetimes. And be grateful, because many of those who came before us had to toil in sin and wickedness and drudgery, just to build up what we will get to enjoy.
Bros -- Father Issac Reylea is most based / he names the jew, calls out global homo & puts the retarded pope on blast. This priest is the real deal , i'm shocked this board hasn't found him yet. After checking him out if the spirit compels you please share his videos. https://youtu.be/cIkMjkdGM
It's the nature of traditional thought to hold on to principles and not be twisting in the wind. Jumping ship from God's own church because some faggots and leftoids managed to sneak in and almost immediately overplayed their hand and btfo'd themselves doesn't make you anything but a dupe.
implying the Pope is the actual head of the EcumeneRetarded macaco
Check out link on top
almost immediatelyOn the timescale of the Church this might as well be true.You know the old meme "the Catholic Church thinks in centuries"? It's absolutely true. These faggots, these fuckers, thought they could uproot and wreck all this shit, and do it all in a few decades, not realizing the crushing, powerful weight of  years of history bearing down on them. The Modernists and the heretics thought they could beat this Church, when it hasn't been beaten before? When Diocletian, the worst of the Roman Emperors, couldn't beat it? When Napoleon himself couldn't beat it?
You heathens need to start saying "the Word of God is what matters" because your dogma is flawed and misguided.The Bible itself never states that the Truth is to be found in the Bible, nor only in the Bible. Neither does the Bible state which books should be part of the Bible. Catholics believe that the Bible is the Word of God because the Catholic Church guarantees that it is, and because only the Catholic Church has the authority to do so, since it is the institution that Jesus Christ Himself founded. Protestants, on the other hand, cannot justify their belief.
That's because sodomites infiltrated the church. Your kids hive a higher rate of being molested in public school than the church - all to most due to sodomites.
Our Lady Saint-Marie appeared to  child in Portugal in the ish. She said  secret to be delivered to the pope. One of them was that if Russia wasn't consecrated into the Church (Catrholic and Orthodox- to end their schismAnd she said after that if Russia wasn't consecrate, she (Russia) will spread her mistake across the world. Her mistake was Marxism and communism.First secret: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQZTnFQFuUSecond secret:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDbVlFqCQYThird secret:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prcIi_emsAll the stuff from Dr. Marshall is really good. Bless his soul. He is based and redpilled
why wouldn't you join a child molestation cult that holds the threat of hell over your head unless you pay money to escape it (lol)I dunno, IQ over  and dont live in flip flop nation, de silva?
Anon have you ever heard of Father Issac Reylea? https://youtu.be/cIkMjkdGM
You know, I find it interesting how the Virgin Mary said nothing about Nazism (as far as I know), but she had a HELL of a lot to say about Communism.
The sodomites infiltrated the church & public schools. Your child has a higher rate of being molested in a public school than a church ALL to most due to sodomites.
Although, I've heard Epstein had a picture of Pope John Paul II inside that miniature Jewish temple on his island...that makes me wonder.Oh well, just because he's MET the guy, doesn't mean they were "intimate" with each other.
on what moral foundation are you attacking catholicism? do you realize if you accomplished what you think you want to accomplish, you would have catholicism?
sodomites like...the catholic church? organized boy-fucking network?
wtf im Catholic now
If Russia was consecrate, it wouldn't of turned red-commie and then in Germany they wouldn't have been in a fight between the commie and the nazi. Basically she told the pope what to do to not embark this reality in a marxist world.
The pope is not a leftist, idk why people insist that he is.Like dude, catholic history is cool and all, crusades and thomas aquinas and shit, but it's over. And no, being a sedevacantist or "resisting" is just a mental cope that makes no sense.You have faith in something because you think it is legit, not to score points from some retarded secular ideology.
Communism came from Germany not Russia.
Communism came from Germany, but Russia was the first country to have an actual commie government.
But they were the first ones to implement it and spread it to the world.
No. Easternisms have absolutely nothing to do with the West.
Sodomites infiltrate all institutions with the intent on molesting children.
Serious question if I convert to catholicism can I fuck the kids who aren't confirmed yet?
Communism comes from jews & jews are everywhere
Are you a sodomite Anon because you talk & think like one.
Imagine being catholic and fully submitting to avoiding the use of condoms instead of secretly using them.You should not use a condom because it is a sin, and more importantly than that, you should not - EVER - have sex outside of marriage.If a woman is not using condom because the Church says so but is having sex outside of marriage she's going ot Hell anyway.
To be fair, modern "Jews" have more or less NOTHING to do with the ancient Israelites of Jesus' time. They're a bunch of Eastern European converts, while the descendants of the Israelites are Arabs now.That said, Jesus did speak out against the corruption of the Jewish establishment from his time.
i get it, it's like how freemasons can't be catholics but catholics can be freemasonswink and a nod
Remember a thing: the Devil exists. And he is well aware that the Church is the world's strength. He is focusing on destroying it so it's Moloch praisers can turn the world into their playground. In the end, the real Church will go back to the catacombs. Persecutions will go back as it were. People will die and the media will turn people's eyes away from it. But remember something: God is with us. He has been screaming to us from the very beginning of our relationship "DO NOT BE AFFRAID". He opened the Red Sea for Moses. He sent His Son to die for us. He is so in love with us that the Devil cringes in agony and envy and he is trying sooo hard to break is down. And he is using media, hate culture, leftism, marxism and nationalism to do so. Pray and don't fret, brothers. As we are bound to Heaven.
Why does it seem like atheists hate Catholicism more than other denominations of Christianity? They're always attacking it MUCH more viciously than Protestantism, or Orthodoxy.Personally, I think it's because it's not "watered-down" like Protestantism (and most of them know nothing about the Orthodox church.)
Shame non of them are valid priests. If the novus ordo lapsi think they can just go through this pretending nothing happened they have another thing coming
Prots - "call no man father"also Prots - "Hi Dad!"Matt :But you, do not be called ‘Rabbi’; for One is your Teacher, the Christ, and you are all brethren.Inb "But he said rabbi" - it means teacherIf I walked into a Baptist church an hour before it started I would find every one in a class with their Sunday school *gasp* teachers. Corinthians ::"For though you have countless guides in Christ, you do not have many fathers. For I became your father in Christ Jesus through the gospel."Is St. Paul now in error? Do you become a modern day Luther and try to strip out the inconvenient bits?
Rev :-
The modern Catholic church is worldwide oganization, full of dedicated young people with the shared belief and goal of fucking young boys in the ass.That is why i always donate and go to church.If you just start fucking young boys in the ass people get mad at you. You have to bring them church and tell them they will go to hell. And then have them donate money, then fuck their young boys in the ass and if they complain refund their money.It's really that simple. The people come, they donate, the clergy fuck the young boys in the ass, if parents dont like it they get a refund from our lawyers.
Popes come and go.
some popes help to fuck more young boys in the ass and that is why they must be canonized.
The Catholic Church is an institution I am bound to hold divine — but for unbelievers a proof of its divinity might be found in the fact that no merely human institution conducted with such knavish imbecility would have lasted a fortnight.
Reminder that you are lost, you have burned a saint.
Teachers are much more prone to rape boys than priests, but still i don't see many shills attacking them like they do with the catholic church. Why is it?
Boogaloo Boys Support the Portland Riots
Bump. Know your enemy.
a bunch of larping lolbertarian /k/iddies side with communistsimagine my shock
Lolberts supporting leftist protests created by kikes.Oh the irony.
none of you faggots wear a Hawaiian shirt when the shit really starts
of course they're jewish. wtf
The term Boogaloo is forever tarnished. Boogaloo now means niggerlovers in queer shirts and tacticool gear.
glow niggers are worse than actual niggers
YES STUDY THEM
wtf is it with americamutt alt righter's and hawaii first tiki torches and now hawaiian shirtswhat gay shit is this?
lolberts defended faggot marriage in the ’sdefended mass immigration in the ’scurrently siding with faggots and shitskins Wow what a surprise.
At least plebbit showed up.
still wearing masksYou can take the guy out if antifa but...
It always did.
make a fake white supremacist groupmedia calls them extreme rightwingersthey dress like clowns, wear the masks like sheep and even support leftist riotCome on glowies, surely you can do better than that, right?
No, newfag.
Libertarians are liberals who want low taxes.They hate cops because they want to sell children, or child porn, or drugs but the law stands in their way. Of course criminals of a feather would flock together. Do not trust any criminal, whether he calls himself "right" or "left". They should all be in jail.
Hey you guys remember when we specifically made threads to make glowniggers literally wear hawaii shirts during their "bogaloo"?Top kek it actually worked.
still being a lolbergYou're just another dead body in my way who doesn't know they're already dead.
I thought these guys were dangerous white supremacists? The press can't even keep up with their own bullshit these days.
Wow is this where the second civil war starts?You understand what they’re trying to do right? They’re going to breach and rush the federal officers to provoke them to open fire, which they will That’s what this is
lefties are desperate for muh gun owners to defend these clowns after years of talking down on themhaha dood, we were only joking about calling u uneducated retard inbred rednecks, help us dood! muh fascism!for some reason there is not a single leftie/antifa type willing to fire the first shotreally makes u wonder why that is
remember when boogaloo shills went on a shilling bot rampage on here trying to associate themselves with /pol/?I do too, fuck these larping useless ancap pant pissing faggots
They're feds.
This literally looks like that MurdochMurdoch skit where the "alt-right" come up on the wrestling stage"ermm...Charlottesville... Charlottesville..."undercover fed standing to the side
for some reason there is not a single leftie/antifa type willing to fire the first shotreally makes u wonder why that isWe already know they're just soros paid low morale college drop-out mercenariesThey're down to break in to shit and steal "free shit", but not one of them actually wants to risk their life.
so leftists dress up as the meme.. shoot some feds and now the right is once again the most violent.. it's that simple
Lol. My boooooooogYouLooooooooBoyzeGet fucked you dumb trannie
These guys are real faggots.
It's the right-wing branch of antifa
In a sense, it makes sense.Smart libertarians became fascists in  or before.The only ones left are the left-wing libertarian autists who will still talk about the NPA and monetary policy while getting lynched by a pack of niggers.
 What the fuck is this meme?
More things I noticed"we don't support violence""we don't support trump""WE'RE NOT RACIST!!!"Even tries to include Q with that punisher logo"see this star of david on my helmet??"Holy shit, I can't believe they're so fucking bad at this
Nazi punks fuck offjuden starIs this some kind of th wall breaking I’m not aware of?
I think they're either spooks or leftists posing as libertarians. I follow a lot of libertarian outlets and I've been all over /k/ and /pol/ and I'd never heard of these faggots till they materialized out of thin air a few months ago when one of them got arrested for transporting weapons across state lines. A crime that law enforcement has no way of detecting unless you literally post online that you're going to do it which is what the first boogaloo boy did.
Undercover feds pretending to protest against the fedsThey must get trained by Mossad
Makes more sense to me that they're LARPing, dude's ball hasn't dropped.
I think they're either spooks They are.I'd never heard of these faggots till they materialized out of thin air a few months agoBecause that's exactly what happened. They are what feds think /pol/iticians and /k/ommandos are supposed to look and act like. I can almost see a bunch of glowniggers making a powerpoint for their fat boomer boss after browsing chan for a day. Normalfags, of course, eat that shit right up.
Its Antifa posing as Libertarians. I have a lot of Libertarian friends and none of them support Antifa.
commies ruining the worldmeanwhile in realityuniversal healthcare: non existentBernie: defeatedminimum wage: lowBillionaires: stronger than everunions: under constant attacklabor rights: non existentYeah... commies really winning....
