Baptist Pastor comes out to church as trans
because that's the beauty of the thing, Christianity is like an open source project, as long as you all agree on the rules, you can change them all you like. Don't like it? fork the project and take your band of contrarians elsewhere.
A woman shall not wear a man’s apparel, nor shall a man put on a woman’s garment; for whoever does such things is abhorrent to the LORD your God. Deuteronomy :
CanadianNuff said
I think God would disagree
Open sourceyeah nah
 % to %THE MAGIC NUMBERS!Brexit posting aside, wtf Baptists I thought you were supposed to be based? Though it is Canada so I'm more surprised % of them had their heads screwed on.
Christians, why do % of you support this perversion?Because most christians like most westerns are brainwashed by jewish propaganda, most of these faggots that are priests probably didn't even read the bible. Bible clearly states  A woman must not wear men’s clothing, and a man must not wear women’s clothing, for whoever does these things is detestable to the LORD your God. 
protestants
More protestant heresy.
NEW INTERNET INCOMING
BUMP FUCK
wow this is very interesting bump this right now
BASED
Probably gonna be shit tbqh. Hopefully not, but it probably will be.
please join our great wall internet that we're calling by a more palatable namepass
Quantum PornhubQuantum DiscordQuantum TwitterQuantum Reddit
I want to be involved in research like this!No fair!What do I gotta do to be taken seriously? :(
Guess what you'll need to use it?
great quantum porn
it's just shitty internet that you need a quantum biometric tattoo ID to access
diverse community lul
even faster and more widespread kike disinfo, greatwe can't even have nice things with today's www
this
Underrated.
 Shrodinger shitposting so mods won't know if I posted Cheese Pizza or not.
all those slidesnot a single hint as to what it actually is and how it relates to quantum computing (which isn't suited for general computing and thus has no need for "quantum internet")
Why is the DEA doing anything related to the internet?
Internet ?
N
this too
The fact that they stuck the name "quantum" in it is fishy already.This is a scam
I never read any good explanation of what a "quantum internet" could do significantly better.They often bring a security aspect but AFAIK this is snake oil.I think the idea is that (some) conventional communications processes could be turned into distributed computing processes instead. Seems like it would only be useful for certain very specific applications.
Try
they're just using the "net neutrality" vague thing to sell you something that's bad as something that's goodkind of like patriot act, affordable care act, or literally anything the government ever does
Sounds interesting. Bump
i cant wait to quantum troll
I skimmed through the pdf. This is just a proposal there have been no breakthroughs in acheiving quantum entanglement yet so having instantaneous communication will not be possible.
Only difference you can do to the internet is how you work it. Similar to the Nintendo wii it will not be laptops or phones with how we access it it will have to be some virtual world way. A new internet would not mean it loads faster! It would have to mean you can now access it in your brain.
Quantum chan
If the internet disappeared tomorrow, the world would be a better place. People should focus more on physical things again. Any real knowledge can be found at your local public library, and the media you pirate -- the really import files -- can likely be purchased for under $ FRN.
STRING THEORY INTERNET LADS
There was an anon a while back, maybe  months ago talking about this. Any caps on this?
Will it help me coom?
comfy af
There's a .pdf that has more technical details although as I mentioned earlier it doesn't claim any new breakthroughs just plans moving forward and how such a network would be built on top of our existing infrastructure.
I assume they're making switches and routers, not complete programmable machines. It's what it kinda sounds like I haven't read all of it
let's be ignorant Dont think so kike
It'll definitely be easier to organize and hunt kikes
Like every other advance in technology these days, presumably yes.
Get a PhD in physics and become a respected member in your fieldorhave melanin excess and demand diversity in research
mfw depressed like usual but this time while surfing the quantum internet
Nah, i was watching an interview with a professor down here who's involved with quantum computing earlier and the quantum encrypted links thing isn't fantasy its already possible and working, its the manufacturing that needs working out, I cant see any reason why the US govt would allow the public that level of encryption though, so as always there must be a catch.
when can it be used
I
Any of you faggots remember some thread from maybe a week back where some supposed insider claimed that (((they))) were going to change the internet so that humanity could see what's on the other side of the veil? Feel like he said a lot of ppl will go crazy but I may be thinking of a different larp.
strengthen our national securityYup, it’s kiked. Say goodby to the Internet.
without being assed to google it my assumption is going to be it's just some plan to replace shitty copper cables from the s with newer shit to increase network bandwidth in cities which I don't give a fuck about because I'm already getting  Mb/s with a barebones cable internet package which is more than sufficient for normal usage in 
 energy dot gov duuur bump!so this is what losing an election looks like. huh.
I'm in ngl
AAAHHH WHY IS IT MOVING
AS PREDICTED, /pol/WEAREBACKONTHELEGENARYTIMELINE
this
what if it connects us to the universe's internetthen all the sudden we're shitposting with ayys
The Hillcommie propaganda that is a shell of its former self without John Solomon
They only made it to break cryptocurrencies.
Imagine if all the time-larps were really quantum-net posting anons.It’d be proof that one can never truly leave this site.
All of these companies are in Illinois. Quantum Internet is corrupt.
The governmentpushing out a completely secure internetThis is like a Jew telling you to trust himor a nigger saying he will watch your house for you
 nigger iqamazing

 q shitpostingshello government employee. how's that cock sucking going? not so well i see? k+ dead so far, no?
lower than nigger iq argumentamazingsee
he doesn't understand it
There were multiple larps I read through or of where time anons and one biz version of Epstein who said that quantum-anything is where you should invest your time, money and skills into.Quantum computing as well.
 please validate my nigger iq totally not a government employee, everyoneoh it's K deaths.
how are you taking this seriously he's australian
doesn't understandkeeps posting
quantum internetEventually this means completely wireless internet where the actual browser + hardware is the router accessing quantum information from time-space rightor is it some new computer larp
 nigger iq posts qlow functioning communist pedophile: detected. you're too easy to expose.
what the fuck this looks kinda based
yes i do want jeff bezos to connect directly into my soul through both time and spacealexa, become god
hello communist pedo.
keeps putting space after the keeps posting without understanding
Honestly, I believe in Q and all, but can I get an explanation about what I'm supposed to be looking at? This is the most chaotic wall of text and I have no patience for this
quantum computers only function in absolute zero temperatureThat's fucking cold man.
department of energy was used to conceal a lot of plans/technology/information from the elite/cabalnow it will all be coming out is only getting started
Wait, did they solve quantum tunneling issues when it comes to quantum computing?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XRUOEOoNQalex was right.
It sounds like it's basically just going to be TLS but with a quantum-ready encryption algorithm. If so then that's really boring.If they go a step further and replace lower level protocols like IP with something that can map users to their identities then this is Orwellian as fuck.
quantum anythingit's shit, i don't even need to know anything about it, nothing decent would be named using such a meme buzzword.
i doubt we'd be able to find hosting on the quantum net anon
Isn't this just some initiative to connect various quantum computing institutes so they can share information and cooperate with their efforts rather than have fragmented research streams? Because it sure looks like that. Not some internet  shitpiss boogaloo shit
Nvm it's internet  quantum edition and this is the testbed for developing the infrastructure
This is the future AI manifesting itself, be warned
 is only just getting started.Motherfucker, it's God damn the end of July. What the fuck you mean we are only getting started? It's already over half a year you fucking retard.
diversethere's that word again
will it have chan?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQlKPSUcg
no  dumb zoomer
The whole thing is chan.
Add "Quantum" to random gov programThis is the nothingest burger of nothing burgers.
On quantum chan all posts will have special numbers.
Ah yes I see, put in walking...https://youtu.be/ioSRwzFGg
quantum-burgersEverything sounds better when quantized.
Is there any translation from marketing to English? This may be a crazy balls-out move, or it could more likely just be Murrica's region-locked internet scheme.
I'm quantumly qooming
neurslink is the direct competition against the jew chip, as elon himself has statedshill harder
this
Quantum internet is communist internet. Glow harder.
Quantum StormfrontFinally, now we can hate niggers and jews in HD/K VR!
source? jewchip = rfid chip?
New Quantum social media where they can't ban you.
Its China-tier hivemind bullshit.
qoom in two places at the same time
(((They))) ruin everything don't they. Time to gas the quantum world. Another thing the jews took from us.
Just like quantum science.
https://www.usajobs.govYou’re going to need atleast an engineering degree to even get an entry level position
DOE is some serious shit dude. They likely know more about true science than the university system.They don't make announcements about things like this lightly.
k porn in popup ads. the mind bottles
A world without internet is a world where a global lie could actually take place.
can't ban youwill be a complete shit fest of CP and other junk
Hello my fellow human beings. Wouldn't you like to join our quantum AI network to keep creating things for your jewish masters for all eternity?
FREE FROM THE CLAWS OF THE (you know who)Right.... right...
You're blaming the internet for a problem Jews created.
So what is the "quantum internet" and how will it be better, how much will it cost, and when will it be ready? Don't worry, I won't wait.
The article is a bunch of nothingspeak. There is literally nothing of any substance written within.IT'S GOING TO BE GREAT!IT'LL CHANGE YOUR LIFE!QUANTUM!DID WE MENTION IT'S GOING TO BE GREAT?Who gives a fuck
can someone be arrested for quantum CP if it both does an does not exist like schrodinger's cat?
They have been rolling this out in alpha stages for years, the metaphysical implications of this technology will be truly breathtaking.
Quads of truth
how do we get goys to take the jew chip? Tell them its the anti jewchip
The US govt forced cisco to physically bug all their commercial telco equipment so they didn't even have to hack it. What do you think the catch is?
the metaphysical implications of this technology will be truly breathtakingElaborate without using nothingspeak technobabble.
you know that it will work
based and comfypilledhopefully one day this will be a reality for us
New super spying internet let’s the government control you
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
will this be good for LINK?
What do you think the catch is?as you say, backdoors, there's no way they'd let that genie out of the bottle without controlling it first.
NEW NEW INTERNET??? JIAN YANG!!!!
free from you know whowishful thinking or just retarded? Boy I like having my randomly generated passwords forced in minutes by a  qbit processor and sold for fractions of a penny to Indians
this is the future of qooming
If you look at the actual blue print linked in the article, it looks like they've already solved that problem. There's going to be "intermediary" cybersecurity devices. The problem appears to be one of scale. Either way, the day this shit rolls out is the day we're officially living in fucking Black Mirror.
IT GLOWS HARD ANYTHING CHINS SUPPORTS GLOWS
Schrodinger's Qoomstate of nut and no nut.
Ok what was internet , smart boomer?
Ah, so instead of Event Horizon where we immediately do a jump into Hell, we use Hell for internet bandwidth. Whelp you can count me out I guess. Unless they're gonna do a dick move or something, time and space fuckery is the kind of thing we should lay off.
university of chiraq 
Quantum AI snuggle waifu when?
The DOE has been festered with commies since day one, literally. First it was the kikes stealing secrets for the Soviets. Later, during the Clinton years, it was the chinks. The watchers of the DOE--presumably, some congressional subcommittee--is nowhere near intelligent enough to ensure that this trend reverses.The NSA spooks can passively record me fapping to milf bukkakes vol.  as they please, but no way I'm letting this commie rats nest get control of my interwebz.Gonna be a no from me dawg. They are up to exactly zero fucking good over there.
https://www.internet.edu/
We're getting closer to the Wired day by day.
Pretty excited, huh?
Time for quantum shitposting, count me in
WHOA FUCK!!!!IS THIS GONNA HAVE THE CLOUD?!??!?!?!?!?!!!!???
G
diverseFuck off spectrum niggers, were full
It’s going to be a notherburger in practice for us and end up being our equivalent of the great firewall. Be wary.
Quantum Chicken?
This is the most chaotic wall of text and I have no patience for thisThis sentence perfectly captures the sentiment towards qool-aid drinkers in .Among all these misunderstood geniuses 'in the know', not a single one found a better medium than microsoft paint to organize their 'proofs'.
Bring them on!
cloud is the worst marketing compulsion, ever. I hesitate to say trend because it's so forced
FermiLab is scary. Soooo much concrete underground.
This has nothing to do with you shitposting on the internet. Quantum computers don't excel at those types of problems. Not surprisingly, your article is full of bloviating and lacks hard info on what they actually think will come of a "quantum internet." For fucks sake we haven't even made quantum computers that can solve significant problems that quantum computers are supposed to excel at yet.
neutrinos are fucks, noninteractive little spazzes
It's actually contained in the linked blueprint, but yeah, the article itself is a shitload of adspeak and nothingspeak. Apparently the issue they're having is making a network to scale.
This too, it's like an investment firm claiming a word salad neural net is "artificial intelligence" as if it has thoughts or problem solving capabilities.
how much can you be spied by using quantum entanglement phenomenons from  to ?
focal point of the eye changing causes it to move
If theory is to be believed then they won't even have to spy on you. The chaos theory behind your actions will be theoretically solvable and they can determine what you're going to do before you even dream up the idea.
TYHE DAYS OF TEH MARK OF THE BEASTE ARE HERENOONE WILL BUY OR TRADE WITH OUT THE MARKno internet without chip scanthis is totally retaded, who the fucks saying this?what ends or purpose besides random keywords "economic' and "science". what like political science? sjws' hate racist thought crimes?what kind of economic? pandering to copyright laws now? no free flow of information no more, no sire i need money cause i recorded a song here on my this thing here, now to hear my  minute song please deposit dollar.wow thats so much better than nowand wahts this ALL going to be based on? quantum right? that shit they claim has been physics for like what - years? amazing. so like this shit which they cant explain, now is going to control the internet. thats amazin too. idk im tired of attempting to explain to morons on this site whawt th efuck this is about they wrote it down in - the time they were attempting to dismantle the internet.go research there for clues. many things like the concepts of "hacking" and "botting" starts arguements that cant end from the non stop onsolaught of shillsthis whole system is to protect the shills spewing. this is free speech and can be used in no other form. this is % glowcianigger shit
USA is so fucking terrible it’s the worst it’s full of retardsUSA announces quantum internetpikachuface.pngLmfao
Wikipedia cofounder tried to talk to the qoomers on twitter to formulate sentences and have linkable factors in digestible formats.It didn't take apparently/ Former Wikipedia Founder 'Child sex trafficking—by elites—is a horrible reality.'https://twitter.com/lsanger/status// Solutions, Writing, Associations for normies to digest https://threadreaderapp.com/thread/.html
this is % glowcianigger shitWhat is arpanet.
It's all extremely vague stuff
time to drop truth bombs i suggest others do the smae this is pure bullshit, quantum mechanics has never been explained to me nor anybody at allthis is a shill campaign by all cocksucking cianiggers involved, even claiming to have a clue. Im NOT GOING TO HAVE COMMUNICATION BOX THAT I DONT CONTROLthats final. no communication unless i control the means of what i upload/download.shills talkingit would be turned into a television holy shit you guys are so fucking dumb if you dont see this. why dont you explain it nigger? its juste like everything else hteyve never explained it or take the suggestions of peer reviewed scientistsguess who is in control of this "peer review"i believe this is the whole place we get our science from...

Remember when people made the internet to be free and open for the exchange of ideas and the betterment of mankind and not as another tool to control people.
diverse Can we stop with the virtue word cock signaling please fuck. Also, this shit is gonna be worse then our current internet, its probably going to be more trackable. Wanna know why? Quantum computers can break through any encryption, tor and vpns will cease to exist. People go to prison over torrents. Literally game over.
Any comments on if your computer will need to have https://www.theregister.com////why_intel_loves_palladium/https://www.reddit.com/r/pcmasterrace/comments/ojdha/intel_x_cpus_come_with_a_secret_backdoor_that/ddfdf/on it to use this new (((quantum-net)))?btw quantum is a complete farce. theres no such thing as black holes. this is religious zealots taking over the country.
finally, no lag on servers
qchanqanon was right
No lag, but high packet loss
advances can be made.
So...Qnet?
You can't advance the laws of physics, dummy
and cox communication will still charge $/mo for  mb/s. not even  Mb/s
I dont need to explain you anything.arpanet was created by darpa and its whats internet of today.Main purpose was openly glownigger shit.You are just to young to remember.Its always glowies pushing tech.
so secure it cant be hackedtime to bring back /l/ and /sm/
Einstein’s laws of relativity are flawed.England belongs to the Irish
lol wrong
Einstein’s laws of relativity are flawedThat's not the problem. The problem is the inherent instability of entanglement leading to incoherence. It's not true packet loss, but it's indistinguishable from what most people would call packet loss.Prove it.
arpanet is the internetwhat does this even have to do with the conversation?
In all honesty, I just felt like saying stupid since you said a comment about physics
What has your schizo retardation have to do with anything?
This shit will make pedophillia online easier.has ANYTHING happened, so far, about pizzagate, or anything ever? no. and only thing that did happen was your shit got on the internet freely. take that away, tada, its pedo payperview heaven. instant live pedo kiling shows, while they confiscate your guns and send you off to be slaves and then come and confiscate your kids for the elites who want them to do it. man yea (((QUANTUM COMPUTERS))) so much advanced, its notthese so called "aquantum computers" will just run faster than yours, think -x maybe those links are what quantum computers will run. what kind of retarded shit are you saying there claiming? this whole idea about
This shit will make pedophilia online easierYou say that as if you can't find hardcore shit on the clearnet with a google search already lol
lol you say thta you can save people from it just do what i say and then yo dont even explain it LOLOLOL whos teh pedo dumb fag have fun pndering to each others fuckign egos all day on this nigger shit with a bunch of inbred hicks who will eat each other alive thinking the internt is real or living.and you fall for this scam oh fuck pedophillia will be so rampant. right NOW people can see somethign and say something. no let them control it with their (((quantum comptuers)))no really its just a faster technology i bet computer they wont let you get or maybe yours is so bogged down by the implanted hardware spyware built in for this new BOTNET. you're fucking ridiculous if you dont think thats what it is, they said its for somethign now say explain define what it is for. ill wait i know you dont have an answer its only to LARP
imagine being a retarded anon on chan (like most anons in this thread) and believing for one second that anything that comes from America isn't literred with botnets and whatnot to spy more effectively than ever before.imagine thinking that strapping the word "quantum" to anything makes it better/more powerful.imagine being THAT dumb.
you stupid mother fuckers since yo love boot so much you should just go out trhere and kiss you some blm boots
I said this was going to be a thing before g. It's the only way to have a totally secure internet experience.
just take my civilizatoin please here i need ot use a chinks form because of muh supremacy. or maybe africans cause blmthe idea about kissing blm boots you know is really the bootlickers pandering to the JWO.
What da fuck is a quantum internet? Shit sounds fake and gay. Can I get my quantum balls suckled with my phone? If not, pass.
hackersnow we've opeend the can of wormscheck this cianigger out, hosting pp child porn for the fbi, and making up fake news about pp hacking you. you know your identity, stolen. gone. i cant wait to have a secure identity. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OCgyWcBuLuo
It doesn't sound like politics but I'll give it a bump.Gee Billy, how do you have TWO internets?
both the guys in both these pictures is the same person.this shows this is a setup because they play both sides of the story. just do a search for this picture ive been saying this as ive found out about it for a year
It has a “quantum” before it, it must be good.
the Certification of Live Birth is a FORGERY.this is how theyre scamming yuou all.
BLM only exists in America, MUTT.also you're probably a fed shilling your shit on chan of all places, get a real job and a real life, faggot.
it's both a shitpost and not a shitpost until you get a (you)
fuck yuou and copy america more you dumb nigger you would cheer its demise since you always sit back thinking bad things = you getting paid. this is how cult members are paid.
Majestic  is a psyop cover for the Majority . Literally the Council on Foreign Relations run by the Rothchilds. Fuck off kike
my shitidk what thats supposed to mean. i was agreeing with you anyway. i left out the im trying to pretend to be that retarded before i posted but then somethign else came to mind but i rmembered
The fuck is this supposed to be? Most people don't even have access to gigabit speeds, let alone g or whatever this crap is. Quantum computers aren't even a thing yet.
DoE is the most uselesz dept. sec. rick perry is a faggot
Last I checked, there were BLM protests all over the world. France included. But anyways, that's not a shill, that's a certified schizo.
I never read any good explanation of what a "quantum internet" could do significantly better.Deplatform White supremacist Nazis.
paid protestors if anything, other than that it doesn't exist and guess what, they got quickly dispersed by our police because we don't take shit from faggots.but yeah, that's a schizo.
It's an unbreakable encryption schemeunbreakable in the sense that even IF you broke it, the act of breaking the encryption reveals to both parties that the encryption was brokenChina's had a quantum encrypted network like this running for awhilethis won't really revolutionize anything, it's not internet ., your average joe won't have access to it because it's extremely expensive. This will just be something for major universities and gubmint agencies to communicate with, nothing else
What if you already are?
Thank you leaf i was waiting fro a post like yours.If only you got It would be perfect.
Elliptical curve is already safe from shores algorithm
I’m disillusioned with all this techno futurist crap. Half the things they swore were on the way have stagnated and failed. No new breakthroughs. It’s always “just wait a minute, bro!” A lot of times they’re just stringing us along for funding. I’ll believe it when I see it. No more Elon neuralink rumors on Joe rogan, no more genetic engineering hype, no more Q anon bread crumbs, and no more science headlines proclaiming a transformation that never comes. I’ll believe it when they actually fucking do it, till then I’m not going to “trust the plan” and eat up technological innovation rumors packaged into tantalizing “Q drops“. Nothing has changed since smart phones and technological innovation might have reached its limit.
They literally run our nuclear arsenal you dumb nigger
htis is going to be so great for open and free speech, internet. i think they are wanting to seperate the word internet and speech apart. it is, bvut they want to .. ah fuck. again. a pay per view sort of internet, just they ban the internet the whole internet tho instead of having the pay per view channel.therye greedy fucks. the free speech is going to be fucked theree wont be any, INTEL ME computers will be required to get online. so they can enforce censorship and thought crime laws, ONLINE. Thought crime only serves copyrights which just censorship which thats a fucking circle
Nice VPN. How's your TGD doing chink?
It’s a gif.
c-checked
That's a whole lot of words to describe "shitposting cat pictures and jerking off to chicks you don't know have penises"

Why is it groundbreaking? Can't be just because of increased data flow capacity and speed
B-but Austin Steinbart is a LARP???https://youtu.be/BEQgCCWHQ
Impenetrable security.
(((DOE)))free from the claws of the (((you know who)))HAHAHAHAHAHAHAquantum frogposting
G
I dont know nigger. They got that shit locked down tight.
and more spyware
Boomers suck themelves off
soooo 
This is almost as bad as when they made a special edition of Monopoly specifically making fun of Millennials and how poor they are.https://www.thedailymash.co.uk/news/society/new-monopoly-baby-boomer-edition-has-a-free-house-on-every-square-
Boomers will be the last race of people to read paper books
None of it. The third world is better off because boomers outsourced our manufacturing sector there so they could buy cheaper shit. They sold out their country, their children and their grand children now they have to cope with the fact that no one respects them the way we respected their parent's generation.
I feel like punching an old fucker now
Honestly the third world is arguably less better off anyways because boomers were so busy snorting cocaine that they didn't bother to wonder where it came from. By the time they did, they saw a shitload of niggers selling drugs to their kids and thought "By golly, after giving these niggers more rights than the constitution, we gotta throw them all in jail and kill the mexicans too for good measure."
"Millennial" = NiggerWe are Generation Y."Millennial" is a slur.
"lel"ok zoomer
We will send everyone of them in nursing homes, where they will be abused by niggers, muslims and spics, to the very last day of their life and they will deserve every beating and rape they suffer from.They have literally destroyed the western world for consumerism bullshit and money.Fuck the boomers
Here's another article praising these fagshttps://bestlifeonline.com/baby-boomer-positivies/?nab=&utm_referrer=https%A%F%Fduckduckgo.com%FImagine being proud that you stood up for women and faggots, normalizing divorce, and promoting kike propagand on TV.Imagine seeing the damage you've done decades later, and writing multiple articles patting yourself on the back "Yup, I did all that and you should be fucking grateful"
Boomers gave you the Internet and the software you are shitposting on.
Ok boomer niggle me this:If Al Gore gave us the internet why does every boomer have difficulty using a fucking cable tv remote.
niggle me this:Boomers gave you Batman movies too.
An article from a millenial, saying that boomers were the OG "smash capitalism" generationhttps://www.salon.com////why-millennials-will-miss-boomers-when-theyre-gone/
imagine simping for boomers
kekThey gave me unaffordable housing, low income salary, shitty art and architecture, legal gay sex and mariage, legal divorce, the impossibility to have a family by giving women all the right on children and money, literally AIDS and so on.I would give up on internet and useless software anytimes for a better life and future, if i was offer to.Boomers are cancer and we will dance on their graves, before erasing from existence everything that prove they ever exist.
based boomies

The pitting generations against each other is no different than the race baiting and all the other divisive shit they come up with.
The cutoff title looks like Jewsweek. Kek.
Based Boomers. Millenials are unironically % losers.t. Millenial
They pitted themselves against the other generations. they the ones who pushed for the bullshit we're seeing today. They were best generation the jew could ask for.
We always knew you were filled full of faggotass you psychiatrists.
I don't care. I know who the real enemies are.
catering to the only demographic retarded enough to still be buying fucking MAGAZINES
Doesn't have the same ring asOk boomer
Boomers are the traitor generation of nigger-loving faggots, thanks Jewsweek
Ahem FUCK BOOMERS
I see boomer in my state driving around RV's worth well over  figures burning through thousands of dollars weekly at casinos whilst their Gen X or millennial kids/relatives are living paycheck to paycheck and one bad decision away from being homeless. This is based? This is the greatest generation ever? They are the fucking reason affirmative action happened, feminism, the west relying so fucking heavily on China for manufacturing. The without question have done more damage to our civilization than any generation to walk the earth. We are living in a world of inversions. If you fucking newsweek with a comical cover like that the opposite is true. How the fuck is anyone even on /pol/ in  and still not capable of seeing through this clownworld fuckery?
i still think about this video all the time. the mom whose kid gets wiped out and then she stumbles off in a daze
Boomers are the cunts that praised the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Checked. Boomers won because their parents were based and did everything they could to help them succeed. Boomers HATE their kids and everyone younger than them. That's why they will not pass the torch. All leadership positions in America now are held by people over . The gold watch for your  year work anniversary is long a thing of the past. Home ownership is going away. White families are going away. Pensions are long gone. Overtime is becoming a myth. And the people they imported hate them anyways. Pic related.
Sounds pretty chad to me. Weak millenials who can’t get over momy/daddy issues are getting weeded out of the workforce. Boomers are also keeping the country overall conservative.Thanks Boomers.
It appears it's time for me to give everyone their Reminder that Boomers are scum and everything wrong with the World.
Boomers are the first generation that want to outlive their children.
"The world, according to Harvard psychology professor Steven Pinker (and many others), is better off now than it's been at any time in history.yeah the riots in the streets, complete destruction of all western culture and replacement by unstoppable international megacorporation, and the open assaults on the basic right of white people to so much as exist really are proof we're living in the greatest time in history. thanks bomers!
millennials are trash.
They just say whatever they think their targets wants to hear. They want to convince whoever will listen that they weren't the compete cunts we know they are.
god I hope it's real
who raised us?
You do realize this is Lieutenant Gregory Stevens?
At least you can go to your grave proud knowing you destroyed your country, decimated your race, and betrayed your children you stupid old faggot.
Newsweek is gay and pozzed and retarded
Their parents were right in calling them a bunch of worthless hippie commie dirtbags, Gen X were right to call them yuppie sellouts, and millennials and zoomers are right to tell them to shut the fuck up.
blaming all problems onparentsOr maybe you are a decadent, lazy and unmotivated pos? Millennials had it even better than boomers. Your problems are ultimately your own fault.
Lol I’m  bro. Just not a self-pitying unmotivated loser like % of millennials.
muh entertainmentoff yourself, you're everything wrong with America.
Uh huh. Yeah. When I was twenty I was living in abject poverty. My parents gave me nothing growing up and I had no skills after high school. They blew all of their money on vacations and cars for themselves. I worked constantly for about five years to dig myself out of the hole that THEY put me in. Now I'm fairly well off and am doing now for the family and the community than they ever did. Fuck them.
SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
pretty kino desu, do you have more gifs to share?
trash begets trash i guess you mean. i had a good childhood in Vermont. i weep now because of a slow erosion of the values my parents instilled in me.
Well sounds like you earned the right to say fuck them. But % of milennials are vidya game playing weed smoking fags who do nothing but self-pity and stay in ther crappy situation and complain.
zoomers are boomers on steroids
But % of milennials are vidya game playing weed smoking fags who do nothing but self-pity and stay in ther crappy situation and complain.This annoys me to no end because I'm stuck working for scraps online.
It is awful. At least she didn't slip on his head.
Well I agree, but who put them there? It's the parents, and the schools.
This is their way of rubbing it in your face that they control the narrative, they have % of discretionary income, they own all the real estate, they are in every position of power, and they have used this to ensconce themselves and their ill-gotten gains.I am a "Gibneyist." Once you frame everything in terms of Boomers, the conclusion is horrifying, but it's a eureka moment which there is no going back from. All of our domestic problems came with the Boomer political and cultural ascendancy of the s and s. Neo-liberalism, divorce, globalism, open borders, economic prospects having fallen for every generation succeeding them.Back when the median Boomer was still young in the s, they supported fixing Social Security, a trade war with Japan, and whipping inflation. Then in middle age in the s and s, suddenly they support NAFTA, open borders, and deficit spending in the middle of an economic boom to siphon more wealth from the future. The priorities changed as the median Boomer worked his way into upper management. Then with the recession of , government policy converged to artificially inflate the real estate and stock market with magical Federal Reserve money-printing. This is where Boomers had all their wealth, and only did they experience any recovery over the past ten years. Since Boomers are okay the recovery is going "okay," just like the nineties were remembered as "great years" because the Boomers did great, in spite of that Gen X was on paper earning less than their parents. Everything over the past forty years has been measured with how Boomers have been doing.All the costs of this money-printing and government debts will be passed on to the younger generations, for whom Social Security will begin collapsing in the s. It was known that SS and Medicare would need to be saved all the way back in the s, but the Boomers just decided to cut their taxes and run bigger deficits. And war. Lots of adventures in the Middle East.
Bumping just because you're a retarded butt hurt boomer.This is % true, Zoomers are so much like Boomers it's blackpilling and pathetic. Hell they even have the same gay e-celeb shills. Boomers: Alex Jones and InfoWarsZoomers: Nic and Groypers
By your own assertion that wealth=evil, your chart shows that Boomers are only in the middle of the groups, The Silent(?) Generation is the cause of all your problems. The Pyramid Economy we are all suffering under was a construct of the s Reagan Revolution, which was all put in place by the WWII and Depression generations, they were actually in control in the s and s. . And the rise in wealth shown in your chart is more a function of an Economic Class, the %ers, not a time-lined "Generation". The RICH have gotten richer in the last - years, not the "boomers" Fred Trump, Donald Trump, and Baron Trump are the ones with the wealth and power, a class not a generation..
You skipped the biggest scan of them all... Pensions. Look up PERS in Oregon. There are retired schoolteachers pulling in  figures in retirement. They have a % COL adjustment every year regardless of what the economy is doing
you let a book turn you against your family. boomers is a made up concept to fill in for something else. you can't hear the whistle.
Absolutely fucking based
"Not to put too fine a point on it, but in  life for a gay, black, young woman (or any of the above) was pretty tough.The baseline has moved so far, so fast that it's hard to explain what it was like in , particularly outside major metropolitan areas and in the South. Until , some states had laws that prohibited marriage between people of different races. Before enforcement of the Fair Housing Act of , many towns had sundown laws where blacks were subject to arrest if they were out after dark. In , a young black man was lynched in Mobile, Alabama, by the Ku Klux Klan. In , women earned  cents on the dollar vs. men. Now it's  cents. Not great, but better. But before , employers didn't even have to pretend to pay men and women equally for the same work. Until , homosexuality was considered a mental disorder by the psychiatric profession. Before Roe v. Wade in , abortion was a crime in many states."THANK YOU BOOMERS
Don't lie to me, gramps. I can smell the ben gay and bud light through the screen.
You can blame those issues on parents to some extent, but after a certain point millennials should realize they have their own agency and seize control of their own lives. Maybe getting the $k degree in gender studies wasn’t the smartest choice. Learn a trade. Learn to invest. Stop consooming jew propaganda. Get in shape. The millennial is too seized in self-pity to take even little steps, and also lacks the conviction to act individualistically. Rather he is obsessed with firtting in to the group and living in the safety of collective mediocrity.
ruin job marketno opportunities at allentry level job requires  years of k a semester college education plus two years of unpaid slave labor ("internships") plus another year or two of dicksucking and political patronage ("networking")millenials can't get jobs as a resultWTF LAZY FAGGOTSdie
I need answers is the generational conflicts rised to the rank of a political weapon also in other countries than US?USA is so divided it's ridiculous, talking about an american nation is a abstraction
Lol at u faggots still living wiff yer parents.
That was true until boomers came into existence. I don't mind gen z even though they never link but boomers really are evil.
Sounds like I’m younger than you dumbfuck.
If I was a boomer I would be reminding millenials and zoomers not to forget to miss a payment on their student loans while reminding them I went to school for next to nothing.
Maybe getting the $k degree in gender studies wasn’t the smartest choice.I didn't get a useless degree, but I ran into the brick wall of  years of experience for a bullshit job.A lot of others did, too.
Thank you for reminding me. Gibney wryly noted in a section how if you're Gen X or a Millennial, you have most likely never been offered a pension in your life. Exactamundo. Enjoy your k, goyim.The hardest part of the book to swallow, more than the anger, is the despondency, as there is very little hope looking at the numbers that we will live as well as our parents or even retire. The Boomers will be dead, the money will run out, and we will still be paying their tab. That's what the numbers say. America is a failed experiment.The good? The good is realizing that the Democrats and GOP, it's all bullshit. Becoming indifferent toward politicians and the system is a relief in a way.
Spoiler alert: The world we're leaving you is way better off than the one we got."I would probably think that too if I lived in a lily-white suburb in a half-million dollar house I bought for peanuts. Most of these boomers are literally afraid to enter our major cities, outside of a few highly controlled trips to the museums and such. Bury their heads in the sand and moralize from their safe perch
Published just a couple days before the lockdowns all started and our boomer leaders completely botched the response to coronavirus.Poetic.
Why do people care about these kind of upskirts? You literally can't see anything unless it's a tranny.
This frog knows what's up.
Boomers sold their children into slavery.And they want a trophy for it.DJT is that trophy.
/ of households were single-workerToday it's / of householdsThey still made more money despite only having  person working in the household
I don't hate boomers. They did whatever the fuck they wanted to do in an environment where all you needed to do was work at a few things hard to succeed (as opposed to needing to be an alpha Chad just to make peanuts). You'd do the same too, though I'll admit it stings when they gloat.
"Sorry, we are looking for someone around  with at least  years of experience who is willing to put in the effort of someone getting paid $ an hour but is actually only getting paid less than minimum wage. Now if you excuse me I'm late for a  week paid vacation with the rest of upper management at a beach resort with the goal of figuring out why employee moral is so low as they work double shifts to cover our absence."
Wait and see what happens when they start getting into their late ’s early ’s. Millenials appeared to be a lost cause but /pol/ has proven that isn’t true.
That's a part of the reason why I'm doing my own thing.
They're gonna come out even more polarized. They were forged in it. Probably / pure onions, / rwds.
I can't wait for millennials to destroy the housing markets by voting for yimby proposals and ending shit like CA prop . Boomers are desperately trying to extend their % property tax rate to any place they live, but millennials will fuck them over.
Your experience is different as a Canadian. While Gibney notes that the generational wealth gap is considerable in America's cultural cousins of Canada and the U.K., they aren't nearly as odious as American Boomers. You would have to be here in America to see how poor Millennials are. Gig jobs, roommates, well into their thirties. And there is no political discussion about it because Congress is run by Boomers, representing their Boomers constituents who love their inflated real estate prices and pilfered Social Security checks.Boomers in metropolitan areas have been able to retire just selling the family home to Xiao and Ajharattatar. This trebling and quadrupling of the real estate market without concomitant wage growth is all deliberate and engineered, just one facet of inter-generational wealth transfer.
Get in shapeJust lift broBoomers already have things rigged and coerced. Takes more than hard work. Don't be a nonce.
This is the based response. If you don’t like the rules, don’t play the game. Make your own game and own rules.
oh yes, thank you boomers, for making the world 'more equal' lmao. of course, 'more equal' means, in reality, 'shittier for your children and grandchildren' and 'better for rd worlders and china', but hey, dont let me get in the way of your circle jerk. truly, fuck boomers, they are the root of every problem we face in . they must be made to pay.
Having a low property tax rate is based and is really nice, what is actually needed is a property tax rate that incentivizes people to own  home, and if you own more than one you get taxed more.Property taxes are the most retarded and poorly thought out tax, if you have a % property tax rate on a  year mortgage house by the time you've payed it off you've also payed % of its value to the state.
my man
See
It’s jews who are the root cause. Don’t lose sight of the real enemy.
they are just mad they have to live in a rotting plywood house made by mexicans with a fat cunt wife that hates them forever and their kids will never visit or call them because they kicked them out when they were 
boomers fucking poison the fucking water with runoff from women taking birth control millenials literally fucked before they were even born
This is the based response. If you don’t like the rules, don’t play the game. Make your own game and own rules.Thanks. It's hard, so I guess I need to think of some new ways to market my work. That's my only real issue.
Ah, I too used to subscribe to The Nation magazine once upon a time. Then I saw the light: socialism is for suckers. Just say "no", anon.
Well you gotta have "muh independent wamen" who arr really wage slaves too.Couldn't be smart and stay in the kitchen.
They're fucking retarded the world they built was the fucking late s then the s and s. The WW generation built the s.
Overtime is becoming a mythYou must be + to post on chan
is chan the most influential place on the planet? It's amazing to see how one of the most painfully forced memes in history (someone spending weeks posting "that X year old boomer" evolved into ironic shitposting, then OK boomer, and then an actual household thing.
t. be milennial, get engineering degree  crash happens, no entry level jobs. Entry level jobs getting flooded with  applicants per job, kids with . gpa getting passed over because people with MS and PHDs willing to work for k a year. Boomers k went down so no one retires years pass, job market finally "normal" again around   covid hits, entire world shut down because no one wants to get the coof Stocks crash again and boomers decide they'll just work until they die once in a lifetime crash has now happened twice + million people on unemployment, also lose job boomer gov decides unemployment boost is optional and wants to cut it to nothing so "people get back to work" at jobs that don't exist anymore Literally now  engineering jobs within  mile radius at entry level, everything is MS/PHD only -yrs exp. "Stop being Lazy!"This isn't even a joke- if you're under , you need to work harder, for longer hours, and for less pay for the same work your predecessor did. Worse yet, they expect you to be grateful for the opportunity to slave that way. I won't play that game.
innovativecaringhard workingI heard Hilary Clinton is humble and great with kids.
Really where are you getting overtime?Two of the companies I worked for wanted you to work that time but kiked their way with excuses with how it is "not actually overtime".
Nurse Shaneequa will get a few good licks in for you after she gets tired of changing diapers for the th time this evening at the nursing home.
JewsweekLook at the "N" that's been "circumcised". Every time.
BACK IN MY DAY MCDONALDS PAID US $ AN HOUR, WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM!?!
i hope you're right. but i think there will be more childless couples and more parents playing vidya with their kids. what ever happened to splitting wood, hiking, church, sports camp, etc. our parebts were sold a bill of goods and the inheritance is the dissolution fo the family unit. i don't know who the vendor is but they are frauds who do not have our best interests in mind.
When she thinks she saved him but then looks back.... Damn.
Yeah. I noticed this week a local gym part of a small chain took their sign down.Not even jobs below  an hr making it.
We will send everyone of them in nursing homes, where they will be abused by niggers, muslims and spics, to the very last day of their life and they will deserve every beating and rape they suffer from.Niggers are for sure abusive, I don't know about spics, but the muslims I've seen in Long Term Care centers are actually pretty solid people.
I agree in theory. I think there should be barely any/no property tax. But as it is, boomers get % and millennials have to shell out % for their starter home. But now these faggot boomers want to be able to sell their homes and keep their property tax rate as they move to the hamptons; which undermines their only valid reason for constant tax rates: being priced out of their family house in their retirement.If it were up to me, considering most the current laws/zoning/restrictions etc, I'd make it so that single family homes could only be owned by citizen-owner-occupied. Fuck the chinks and fuck shitty landlord grifting boomers.
fpbp
These old hippies are the biggest hypocrites that became the Man.
He's not wrong. New normal is hiring multiple part-time employees and giving them . hours, because no benefits. Or they fire everyone but one guy, make them salary and giving them just enough to be OT Exempt and demanding + hour weeks or being fired (  person does the work of - ). OT is becoming more rare as time goes on.
Boomers are a historic generation. Not only do the younger generations hate then now, they'll be studied in history books discussing the downfall of the West in our era as the generation that pissed it all away.
literally nothing I can drive to!Ever consider expanding your search space?
because it shows that she is a disgusting whore
work twice as hard for half as muchget told by a boomer who can't even work their head around how to use email that you are stupid and lazy, and they are smart, hard working, and innovativetoday a boomer and i were doing the exact same job, for the exact same number of hours. it's a quantifyable job. i did x as much work as her. she probably gets paid more than me. idgaf if you believe me. her numbers were  for the day, i did .
I don't know.A female A-rab doctor I encountered was clueless about doing reflex stimulus tests on unconscious people.
That’s lame they should have said OK Nigger what happened to the based racist boomers??
They’re not mad. They’re high all the time and gambling with their pension bux.
Zoomer as well. We're becoming the jew..
memeflagsowing intergenerational conflictEvery time.
owing  properties and then telling everyone else to get a job that pays min wage is "hard working"Yeah no.
Like everything, you take the good with the bad. And I did watch boomers fight faggotry in the ’s, but eventually the joke propaganda was just too much. You fuckers are responsible for the shitty workforce since you won’t retire and refuse to teach your successors.
Actually I like how they've made the generation gap the main focus of the cover so that they can slip the headline at the top of muslims voting for Sanders without anyone noticing.
Degree in what?What job?
Several years ago I quit my job at a box-store without giving  weeks notice. The manager was furious, but I'm sure the buds I worked with loved finally getting + hours for the few weeks until they hired a new fucktard.
The greatest mfw their parents were literally called THE GREATEST GENERATION
can’t spellwhy should we trust that you can count?
https://mobile.twitter.com/SlightlyBlind/status/
Both Boomers and Jews are two cohorts which act within their interests.The difference here is that Boomers formed a separate in-group from their own children. They made it very clearly what they thought about the future and their children's happiness from the outset of their adulthood in the s and s, the era of peak American divorce rates. They began stealing from their kids in the s as soon as they had enough power to enrich themselves driving a steamroller through that patriarchal, benevolent capitalist system set up by their parents and grandparents with the New Deal. Who do you think they based Gordon Gekko off of? Do you think Hollywood pulls these archetypes out of thin air? And suddenly, it was acceptable to run up the government debt during times of economic expansion. The WWII debt was nearly paid off under Carter, shortly before this generation began their political ascent.
My brother is a yo engineer and has moved to  different states in the past  years to forward his career and succeed. He currently pulls in a  figure salary and just bought his first home. Not saying times aren't tough but if you actually put in the effort there is still space to make it.
fucked the birth ratesfucked the housing marketfucks everything but his wife, especially in Thailandlost vietnamlost the cold warloses to niggers"why do millenials persecute me so?"
I hate you fucking faggots so much. Just move to some degenerate shithole like SF or NYC!Uproot your family, destroy your traditions, drain brainpower from your community!Pay your whole salary to some Jew landlord for a roach-infested sqft apartment!(The Market) demands it, goy!
What makes them think we want to live in an equal world, we grew up where everyone got participation trophys, you don't have to display real skill or be better than anyone else all you have to do is repeat what ever is currently politically correct and or be brown and you will get everything handed to you. If that's their idea of equaltiy then they can keep it.
Those damn Millenials, how dare they want affordable houses?
he'll be paying a % tax rate to support the rest of us. because, friend, most of us are done with the rat race. it's universal basic income, or we burn it all.
the world is better off! But not our kids or grandkids!Mission accomplished ?we marchedI’m sure you did boomer lol
They're garbage people regardless of whether their problems are environmentally or genetically caused. Letting them die in peace is certainly a questionable thing.
straw man that why you’ll always be a loser.
what is your understanding of a  figure salary?
And their kids all moved far away because they are the last white on their street, but everything is fine....Now their begging people to do shit for em but don’t want to pay a white
The boomer cries out in pain as he strikes you
I have some friends recently out of college and they had job offers and internships revoked. It's not much better in other places, desu.If you only did  units you wouldn't have a job, that's the sad part. Meanwhile Karen barely knows what a pivot table is, gets paid k more than you, and is "vitally important to the office". If you watch them work, it's % Facebook and % writing some kind of  minute memo the boss likesI paid my time in retail, you don't get paid enough for the shit you have to deal with. The store job is easy- keep shelves neat, help people find stuff, sell a credit card or two. You don't get paid enough to deal with the customers though.
Yeah thing is a lot of people dont even have the capital to start. The point that WE HAVE BEEN MAKING FOR AGES ABOUT BOOMERS is that bootstrapping shit was only doable during their era. Success stories nowadays always involve some type of handout or silver spoon up someones ass.
boomer copeYou retards realize these and the articles written by "women" are all just anti family kike propaganda
more like the last generation in history. when the country completely browns out due to their anti-white policies of genocide against whites, will there even be literacy and therefore history here ?
i cant stop thinking about this story i read recentlya guy with no high school education got a job typing up time sheets on a typewriter at GM in . His pay, in  dollars: $,. To type up time sheets.The world is way better now! We can work two minimum wage jobs to afford rent and netflix
"We are far from living in a fair and equal world, but it is decidedly fairer and more equal than it was in  and much of that is due to boomers. We voted. We marched—at our schools and in our hometowns, and after piling into beat-up old cars and driving through the night to Washington."in case you needed reminding that political correctness is a religion. it is not "like a religion," it is a religion
muh boomers imagine being so brainwashed by kikes that you identify more with your generation than your family
Not right now. But searching a  mi radius on monster isn’t going to land you something valuable when hiring starts up again. Send apps out everywhere. Don’t waste time on things you aren’t qualified for. Set reasonable expectations for pay.
I'm doing just fine, Schlomo.
Why is it that every entitled asshole I have to deal with at work is a boomer?Literally everyone else is cool. Polite and respectful. It’s just the boomers.
And they bought their first house for cash with a years savings lol boomers
boomers kick their kids out and make them live in a world of shit"wahh why dont you care about your parents why do you care more about the woes of people in your age group?"
this.
It doesn’t seem like it. You seem mad.
If you only did  units you wouldn't have a job, that's the sad part. Meanwhile Karen barely knows what a pivot table is, gets paid k more than you, and is "vitally important to the office". If you watch them work, it's % Facebook and % writing some kind of  minute memo the boss likescorrect/g/
He had a portion of his degree and living expenses paid for in college that's true. But he is still currently paying off his student loans
The only thing they ever did wrongoe was they didn't beat us enough.  t. Millennial
This. The ok boomer and Karen memes are fucking cringe. Everyone knows the western world went to shit after the s but the vast majority of millennials shitting on boomers do so because they aren’t progressive enough.
The internet existed in the 's when most boomers were children and teenagers
boomers kick their kids outNo your parents kicked you out
This. They all squander savings if they even bothered. Would rather donate wealth to isreal cause muh zionism... ill happily place my parents in a diverse shithole they created cause they wanted soooo bad to be cool and hip man... . reap what you sow faggy boomers.
Boomers are the most Chad generation to ever exist, millennials and zoomers don't understand the value of hard work and personal responsibility.
I hope you mean six figures lol.  figures is what homeless people make in a day in downtown Baltimore. low  figures is pretty much normal for a mid level engineer in an urban area- It's middle class.It's good general advice. I'm not worried about finding another job long term, and can survive fine for awhile; but relocating  states away so I can make k extra shekels isn't worth it imo. You're right though, you have to hustle hard if you want to make it.
Late gen X master race reporting.
I'm mad because the kikes of this country deliberately concentrate over half of all our VC into one tiny pozzed valley. We've got brilliant talent all over this country graduating from schools all over this country and yet they refuse to ever locate jobs anywhere but the handful of major metros that host their pedo parties. And they refuse to invest in infrastructure or let government invest in it. So the majority of this country is going to shit while prices in their pozzed capital havens go through the roof and tent cities spring up outside their corporate offices. Half of the economic problems in this country stem from a terrible geographical distribution of capital. I wonder (who) could be making those kinds of decisions?
highest divorce rate in the history of Human Civilization.Boomers can’t even stand each other.
I wonder (who)Anti-semitism detected. You have been banned for  days and your post as well as posting information has been forwarded to the Department of Racial Equalities Division for review, goodbye.
Of all the terrible achievements of the Jew, his ability to use his control of media to drive a wedge between family members is both most impressive and destructive. The Jew has been able to wipe out family unity and generational wealth of the goyim by simply controlling the media and telling fathers to fight sons.
Agreed. I get the struggle of forgotten gen x, millenials, and i sort of like zoomers due to absolute ridiculousness. The only group who sucks are boomers. Just lie to get past automated filters that boomers implemented because reading a pdf was too hard.
Yes I meant  figures, my mistake. And I agree  figures doesn't mean what it used to especially in urban areas.
If that works for you then go for it. Nothing wring with some time off.
highest divorce rate in the history of Human Civilization.you realize that i just because people are just not getting married now
I disagree with "greatest generation ever" and "hardest working" - that should probably go to their parents or original settlers here, but indeed, today's world isn't the shit sandwich that they were handed. Millennials can get fucked.
boomer made the world fair and equalThat’s newspeak for communist and racist against whites. Fuck boomers.
they won’t make special worksite for meeeee!So you hate them but you want to work for them?
That just isn’t just true just people just are just getting just married just at just a just higher just rate just than just they just were just in just the just s just and just the just s just just just just just!
The internet is overrated.
take your meds schizo
Gibney blames Dr. Benjamin Spock permissive parenting practices. No generation of white people have been raised like the Baby Boomers. There were parenting authorities in the th century who advised against even kissing babies. Older generations of whites were tougher, more conscientious, and had better character because they were raised hard, and I mean hard. Something completely alien to how we raise kids today. But he notes this Gen X "tiger parenting" thing and how it may be reversing itself.Also, TV consumption. Gibney cites authorities of the day which warned against television consumption, but the Boomers' parents didn't listen. Television consumption is correlated with poor behavior. It is bad for you. Boomers consumed and presently consume more TV than their parents and their kids. Gen X and Millennials are very different on account of video games, DVDs, anime, and having many other media outlets other than broadcast television.Other sociopathic triggers in the chemical form include lead poisoning with paint full of lead back in the mid-th century and bottle feeding, both being tied to cognitive deficits.They were also influenced by this shitty sub-culture they created which was obviously wrong and will die with them. Their attitude and spirit as a generation were both a manifestation of and a reinforcing agent of their sociopathy.
No, nigger. I want to smash all their monopolies. I want to use the power of the state to bring them to heel and force them to work for us. You know, the opposite of how the ZOG economy is run today.
The generations to come are definitely going to be dealing with the boomer's failures one way or another. Either we're going to spend our lives fixing their mistakes or we're going to spend our lives being destroyed by them.Nothing they've done is irreparable the question before us is do we have the will to fix our society.
i'm ready to start executing all the fucking trash and running pogroms like you never before seengod damn give me my hitler and my uniform. every day it feels like i'm going mad. man wasn't meant to fathom such depths of darkness
No more germans one saddly.
Come to France and you will see.kekThey even rob the victims of car accidents or terror attacks on their way to the hospital.
what about the countryside in brittany or normandy. surely the culture continues there.
The west coast is more preserved than other parts of the country. That's why they are the last leftists places outside big cities.Will probably change pretty soon.
Boomers are the last generation that can be considered human beings. In a way the boomers are at fault for making life so much better, the millenials and zoomers all expect life to just give them everything on a silver platter.Boomers only had good intentions but their children cannot appreciate it since they've become spoiled and self-centered, never understanding personal responsibility.
Lol I love my parents deeply and like having them in my life very much. You not loving yours means that either you, them, or both are huge pieces of shit; what a horrible flex.
It's Trump's fault!LOL
The world we're leaving you is way better off than the one we gotCan't make this shit up
Kys boomers
The world... is better off now than it's been at any time in history.raped, plundered and pillaged the world so boomers can continue to eternally consume at industrialised scales. boomer men and women alike, in the eternal pursuit to consume; lawnmowers, plastic rakes, plastic bags, hand bags, leather bags, leather shoes, buy a coach, buy a new coach in  years, tv set, new tv set in  years, new car, bigger house, more paint buckets, more fencing, george foreman grill, late night vacuum cleaner extensionoh no got to keep consuming let's outsource all labour to the rd world so i can consume more for less, cheaper consumption, plastic baubles made in china, pornography, faster pornography, more RAM, more tabs of porn, fast food, coca cola CONSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMabsolutely incredible. the world was much better off in the fucking ice age
Boomers are the kids of the generation history literally named "The Greatest Generation." And then they went on to be the worst humans this world has ever known. They spawned Gen X and most of the Millennials. Gen X is what comes from neglect and abuse and Millennials are what happens when you apply timeout and participation trophies. Everything that's wrong with today's world can be traced directly back to a Boomer rejecting the teachings of their parents.
If boomers are to blame for their children's failures, then the blame lies on their parents, and their parents' parents, and their parents' parents' parents and so on.You see why shifting blame doesn't work? Gen X, millenials, zoomers should learn something all boomers know, personal responsibility.
Each generation has unique fuck-ups though.
“We worked hard our whole lives, so it’s only fair that everyone else gets shafted. That means board games, as well as the housing market, employment and, as of next year, European holidays.Article was written one year ago
Seriously. My neighbor has the same size lot as me. A little over an acre. Maybe % forest. He has a giant ride-on mower to cut the grass. I do mine with a little push mower in  mins. And, of course, the ride-on needs its own shed. That's separate from the garden shed. And the pool shed. Because even though you could walk to the open Atlantic from here in an hour, or drive in  minutes, you need a big pool in your backyard. And you need a fence for that pool.
Pinker is a kike so naturally he appreciates the best goy generation that gave up western civilization
The world we're leaving you is way better off than the one we got.Old idiots who don't have the slightest idea what problems are facing young people today tell young people "oh you have it easy...why when I was your age......"What a new phenomenon.
Boomers are fucking scum!My parents are divorced boomers, each in their own world of combined wealth of a million pounds, lifestyle, consumerism, mindless shit but hardly ever see their grandchildren or have a discussion outside of what cosmetic shit they're doing to their houses.My father goes on about how students can afford an iPhone but not a house and furlough scheme is disgusting should've made everyone unemployed - dumb cuntMy mother just buries her head in the sand and goes on about doing her house up... constantly. My mother in-law is a worthless piece of evil shit who practically tortured my wife as a child and is the most twisters horrible piece of shit I've ever encountered. She views money as be all and end all and I only ever see her smile when my father in law died and she spent his insurance money on shit....my wife's dad who my mother in law had buried on my wife's birthday to be spiteful.FUCK BOOMERS YOURE ALL WORTHLESS CUNTS!
This is wrong.It's like saying a parent of a criminal is to blame for the crime.Boomers had parents who had lived through one of the toughest periods of human existence here in UK and Ireland. The time before that would take us back to the s. Those parents after WW relaxed and tried to give boomers all that they could want and need, without realising the era of wealth that Western world was entering that would create the most privileged, richest generation ever to live in the history of the West both before and since!This created the ultimate spoilt child who subsequently refused to give up even a fraction of this lifestyle for future generations contrary to how every generation before behaved.Fuck boomers the scummiest cunts ever to have existed!
This is some pretty decent bait
And they increased life expectan-Life expectancy declined each consecutive year after . The recent decrease in US life expectancy culminated a period of increasing cause-specific mortality among adults aged  to  years that began in the s, ultimately producing an increase in all-cause mortality that began in . During -, midlife all-cause mortality rates increased from . deaths/ to . deaths/. By , midlife mortality was increasing across all racial groups, caused by drug overdoses, alcohol abuse, suicides, and a diverse list of organ system diseases. The largest relative increases in midlife mortality rates occurred in New England (New Hampshire, .%; Maine, .%; Vermont, .%) and the Ohio Valley (West Virginia, .%; Ohio, .%; Indiana, .%; Kentucky, .%). The increase in midlife mortality during - was associated with an estimated  excess US deaths, .% of which occurred in  Ohio Valley states.
No they didn’t. That was early gen x. True boomers refused to do anything new. They only want people to serve them and not work.
Milennials who complain about boomers are losers. Yeah, we got a hard deal and things are financially tougher and it's harder to find jobs. So what? It's not gonna change, get off your ass and find a way to make it.But boomers who get pissy about it and complain back are also lame. They had it very easy, way better than anyone before or since (though Gen Z had it pretty good too). Count yourself lucky and stop expecting your kids to buy a house at .Everyone sucks here
Meant to say Gen X
The problem here is that both things are true.Boomers are greedy pieces if shit who sold out their great grandchildrenAndGenerational conflict is a Jewish diversion tactic
The phrase "Riddle me this" predates Batman by about  years. Next?
What a stupid boomer faggot. You are a complete faggot retiree on the dole. Of course everything is ok for you. You are a dependent, worthless sack of shit, and you have the nerve to be arrogant about it.
ASSThis fucker was involved with Epstein, even part of his defence.
wish the WW generation did not spoil boomers the way they did but its not surprising they wanted to give their kids more then they had growing up. how the fuck could they have foreseen them shafting their own grand children. good thing most of them did not live to see it happen.
be mecome from dirt poor rural family "white trash"fuck that, I have aspirationsgo into military at spend  years learning tradeget kicked out for medical after getting arthritiscan't find job as military contractorgo to schoolget economics degreespend a year looking for a jobget passed up every time for boomer or X'er because more experienceget shitty minimum wage job in repo call centerspend  hours a day looking at people fucking up their livescan't take it anymore, become substitute teachergreat job, like it so much decide to get teaching credentialwork for  months then get shut down by 'ronaspend lockdown getting teaching credential for special educationstart to apply for jobsentire state now in austerity measures, schools on hiring freezeYep, this is all my fault. I sat on my ass and didn't try a bit. Got a wife and  kids to feed, and no idea how the fuck I'm gonna do that since the only jobs available right now are shitty minimum wage ones. Maybe I'll get lucky and die in an accident somehow and they'll get to live on survivors benefits until my kids are all . Pic related.
and that's a good thing considering who were the (((editors))) for almost two centuries
Palendrone, inverse your position.What makes you so great?May god be with us all!
This.Why would you want to own your own property when you can have a smartphone?Younger generations are so ungrateful.
What just happened
"The world, according to Harvard psychology professor Steven Pinker (and many others), is better off now than it's been at any time in history. That's right. Ever. And I contend it's because of boomers. Boomers are the greatest generation the world has ever known. The most innovative. The most caring. The hardest-working."(((steven pinker))), same guy who help Epstein with his sweetheart deal
Holy fuck this. There is a reason that even normies use the sentence "day of the pillow" unironically. From the most heil hitler  stormnigger to the biggest bernie suck cock twink, absolutely nobody likes boomers. They are only now starting to realize their children will shortly control every facet of their lives when boomers become too senile to look after themselves and therefore their final decade on earth will be made delibrately agonizing. Fuck boomers right off.
Early Gen Y ally checking in.
Every. Single. Time.
what a cohencidence...
do these people really think white people are the cause of all the world's troubles?do they know they are just lying?
Keep eyes open.
All they know is white people have money and they want it. That's the fundamental motivation for everything they say, it's just about exhorting money from you. Clown world isn't that ridiculous, it's the same world with the same issues as always.
https://int.nyt.com/data/documenthelper/-epsteinusvifiles/cdfffdbcdd/optimized/full.pdf
Indroducing: Hypocritical Jewish Scuma new limited series about building a better gas chamber

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGsBhE_cFoI was listening to this, and it dawned on me there were % talking about jews.they obviously didn't realize it, but now i can recognize it. i bet anything, if they listed the people they had these type of interactions with, a certain pattern would emerge.they think its just "evil corporations" - not to say corps are blameless - but it's clearly jewish behavior they are discussing.
the worst thing is, i spent  years of my life thinking you guys were racist nazi losers.(some of you are, but just a loud immature minority. preemptive go fuck yourself, you know who you are. grow the fuck up)it dawned on me, i got fucking jewish education. thousand lessons about the holocaust and hitler.now, i finally learned that it was falsified, and used as a tool for manipulation. now i understand what hilter really wanted. it pisses me off so much that we've all been lied and deceived.and now i can see the manipulations and lies they employ, and its fucking everywhere, non-stop. they are just following their jew DNA.it's sickening, and the majority of us are far too stupid to even begin to see it. myself included for the majority of my life, so i can't belittle those that remain fooled.gotta admit, they won. they got isreal, they fulfilled their biblical mandate, across countless generations. impressive if you think about it.
Eh, I low-key believe it. Saw it first hand in the shit town I grew up inoriginally has one high schoolnewer high school gets built on the other side of townhelicopter parents immediately transfer their precious chilrens to the new schoolnew school instantly becomes the “good school”old school mostly Mexicans nowtest scores at old school get worse every yearno whites to carry the browns.wave
MOTHER FUUCK GODFUCKASDFHASJEVERY FUCKING TIME FOR FUCKS SAKE ITS SO FUCKING TIRESOME
 Cannot unsee We are glad to be of service.
yea... i'm just beginning to notice it...started only a few months ago, but now i can't help it. it's so blatant and obvious, i'm ashamed that i didn't notice it sooner.
They like to act ignorant or unaware but they know exactly what they're doingWhen people point at all the insanity and laugh at it, they're mislabeling, these people aren't dumb, they're disingenuous
you guys were right. there is some hope. if you can get someone like me - NYC born and raised, public school educated, college drop out. also kinda sucks to have no one to really share this with... the brainwashing is so deep.
Nice white parents are about to move school districts, again. Little Aiden and Autumn need the best afterall!
i'm not denying your experience, i'm sure it went down like that.but to attribute that to "white people" is not right."smart people" move their kids to better schools, skin color has little to do with it.unless they are also avoiding asians. but in NYC, white people move to asian districts now, because the schools are ranked higher.its not skin color / racism. it really never was.it just appears that way. but smart people with similar values with gravitate towards each other. and avoid the opposite.
kchzecked
Have you ever wondered why these kids perform better? Why the other school is nicer? Hint: It isn't more money, better equipment or more devoted teachers It is parental involvement. The parents most willing to be invested in the kid's education will get the most out of it. Blacks and browns rarely care about the schools or even their kids beyond looks.
median IQ for spics is around median IQ for niggers is around race is not skin color
gotta admit, they won. they got isreal, they fulfilled their biblical mandate, across countless generations. impressive if you think about it.They don't have the temple yet though.
They really do hate us. Nazi caricatures of the Jews were if anything too flattering. We all know the same feeling as OP, I was where you were  years ago. The hardest part is when people ask why the world is so bad, and you can't just outright say the Jews.It's so fucking hard to do at first.
well.. its clear that those patterns emerge, and completely explain the observed results.but, really its a measure of values - yes having a higher IQ yields a higher chance of coming the the "correct" value choices.but my point is, it's not skin color that makes a black/brown/white/purple person to value educating their child and sacrificing their own benefits to give their child the most they can.
Did you know Henry Ford inspired Hitler?
yes, thank you that.henry ford's viewpoints was one of the final straws for me, opening my eyes to how the world really works.
is it game over if they get that temple?fuck it, let's just build that temple for them, and complete our goyim destiny. maybe shit will be cooler with full jewish mandate being complete.
i spent  years of my life thinking you guys were racist nazi losers.Some of you are... preemptive go fuck yourselfYou say that now...
i spent  years of my life thinking you guys were racist nazi losersyou're much dumber than you think, you people are a dime a dozen, and no one wants to hear your backstory, it's not interesting or profound in any way. you just caught on late and you still have many normie thinking patterns.
checkedholy fuck those digits
Every single time.
actually, allow me to clarify. your point is accurate, thank you for pointing it out.what i should have said is that i assumed the narrative of being a nazi means you are automatically a terrible person, including racist.i'd actually politically align most closely with a nazi now, so i didn't mean it as an insult.
Jews are at literal eternal racial war with Amalek.
It's just a cohen-cidence anon
given how long it took my slow fuck brain to get here, you're definitely right.
'Amalek' is any and all racial whites, particularly whites of 'Germania,' who literally must be fought and butchered and enslaved at every turn per the commands of 'god.'
I wondered if that's what you meant, but I gotta ask, how long have you been on /pol/?Just trying to get a temperature reading off ya, because the longer you're here, the less and less that racism line gets blurred. Shit man, it's already started with you making this thread.
The entire Old Testament, read with a Jew-wise eye, is a series of Jewish nation wrecking stories documenting their misdeeds and subsequent pogroms in pursuit of the murder of Indo-European Edom-Amalek, whiplashing between ridiculous Jewish autofellation and flaggelation from 'god' for not being sheerly cruel, psychotic and inhuman enough to all other sapient beings. It is the smoking gun that damns the Jews.
Yeah, it's weird how it's literally always jews. I'm not even anti-semitic and I see it.
more and more blurred* don't mind me I'm a goddamn moron.
Sarah KoenigNeil DrummingIra Glasslet me guess..
how do they get away with it?like seriously, their plans are out there in public for all the see. its amazing... it really appears that they are the chosen people with "special" powers over goyim, to be able to control the entire world this way.i really mean the above, it may sounds facetious, but it really feels true.
It's a lesson about what true purity requires. Any bit of culture, language, or relic from an impure source is enough to eventually corrupt entire generations. People who's grandparents literally followed a pillar of fire and ate magic bread from heaven turned to idolatry because they embraced diversity rather than remaining pure.
I never browsed it much directly, but got exposed to memes and such from reddit (yes yes, i know, faggot, what do you want from me)I had experience with /b/ back in , just lurked for sexy pics and fappening and shit.so, back to my blog entry, i started gravitating to /pol because the memes about covid and china were the best takes. so i started browsing directly months ago.this is honestly my first thread, i've posted a few times.but i noticed this article, and didnt see it on pol. so i thought i'd drop a line and chat with you nice fellas.
god damn it, you guys made me see the world completely differently now.You haven't seen shit yet.Lurk more.
Jews are responsible for all hatred against the person of Christ, but also viewed him as a useful tool if he could be corrupted and encapsulated. So the Jews coopted him, and founded the Nicene church, and railed against all other religions which embraced Christ, butchering the Gnostics and eventually the Manichees, who all loved Christ and called the Jews as being an antirace chosen by the devil, the prince of this world. Of course, they murdered the gods of our fathers as well as they went about doing this. Nothing is sacred in their eyes save their own manifest destiny to torture and destroy.Quit fellating yourself, you dumb thinly veneered self-fellating demoralization kike. This is a schizo antisemite mans' thread now. It's not special powers. It's a very persistent strategy of malicious nepotism, murder, subterfuge, and sheer all-devouring hatred combined with low cunning deployed against high trust societies. If they have a god, he's a faggot godlet egregore, and I'm going to shit on his head.
Higher class people, not rich people.And high class people tend to be white in America. Intelligence is fostered through upbringing which is affected by class. Wealth doesnt necessarily equate with class either. There are refined middle class people who conserve the bearing they learned over time, and there are crass new money rich people with none at all. A cultured poor family might make sacrifices to send their children to a good school, so that they have the same opportunities as the rich.Niggers may expect and insist they get the same opportunities but they will never sacrifice and appreciate them. This is why the cultured always run from the nigger. They are profane and de-NIG-rate anything they touch
It's obvious sometimes I wonder if they are playing into our meme.
furthermore, i'm basically a full blown racist as it is. i definitely see and acknowledge the differences between race. blacks are clearly more violent.but i'm not quite ethnostate level. i'm fine with say.... the % of blacks that don't end up in jail.its just the % that are violent, i much rather we truthfully acknowledge that IF a black person is violent, it's NOT because of racism, but rather it's because of his shitty violent DNA.i know you may disagree, and skin color will always catch up. but i can't imagine a world where thomas sowell isn't welcome.
Jews have been despised and called as being of the devil long, long before Christianity came into being, and long before they were even called Jews. The same anti-semitic canards are spoken by Roman pagans as were supposedly developed by 'the evil Christian church,' which we know is twaddle and that the Mother Church was a Jewish entrapment scheme. You can always find a trace, a niggling thread, going back to blood sacrificing civilizations like Carthage.No. Up shut, and stop overthinking it. It's a tale about kikes being kikes with a mandate from god to kike shit up. 'Queen Esther' was not a story about true purity. It was Ghislaine Maxwell in the BCs followed by a violent reverse-pogrom by filthy Jews with an in in a corrupt government.

thanks for the blog post boomer
What if I told you giving niggers gibs was actually giving jews gibs? tax whiteygive money to niggersinstead of saving it or buying a house or whatever, niggers spend % of their gibs on garbage food and useless stupid status symbol shitjewish companies who make garbage food and status symbol bullshit increase their profit marginsjewish stockholders receive more valueIt's all an elaborate way of funneling cash from the white man's pocket to the jew's bank accounts. This is why jews are constantly pushing for more gibs, they know it won't be spent wisely and it will become theirs mere hours after being deposited into the niggers' EBT cards.They will never have enough. When the last white taxpayer dies they'll start fighting each other until only one kike remains, who holds all the wealth on earth.

And yet.... it always works out that way. So maybe you are learning an important new phenomenon. You have an expected outcome, but something surprising you dont have a rational explanation for keeps occuring. It almost seems like a hidden principle is having an effect.Maybe I am just stupid but I have to point out how predictable and uniform the outcome is when you take race into account. It seems to explain everything in a very simple way
Jews are, in no uncertain terms, murderers. They have always been murderers. They will always be murderers. Israel is the human trafficking and black market organ trade capital of the world, and with the Jeff Epstein-Ghislaine Maxwell revelations, are also the foremost child sex pimps through Mossad. Queen Esther, but this time with goyish slave cunny and in every nation all at once. What a cohencidence.
shit am i boomer?and you're welcome for the blog post!
You need to look into Charter SchoolsHere's a basic gestalt from Black Economics Manhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=boQrCPwMws
 months, already onto the jews, making threads...reddit transplant...based on riot accelerations... media manipulations...aaaand there it is. daily red pill dosage sufficient.Blacks =/= niggers.yeah, some folks on pol don't see (or care to see) the difference, but others do.
They have been murderers, primarily of children and women but also of men, for literally the entire time they have been in contact with foreign peoples. The fact that literally every developed nation on Earth that gives one iota of a shit about child rape or cannibalism- IE, not chinks- has a blood libel story or ten or a hundred for two thousand years is undeniable proof, no matter how circumstantial, that the Jews 'blood libel' is not libel at all, but the absolute truth. It cannot be denied. They cannot get away with it anymore. Jews are the foremost and originalmost Satanic Ritual Abusers.
well, it depends on what you mean by "predictable"in many ways yes, if you asked me to guess the starting line up of a nba / nfl team, or what %% of people in jail are with respect to their racial population make up.but what about an "average" black person? even if you tell me % of them are violent... the other %? overall, that's my problem with going too far down that path.% of whites are violent, % of blacks are violent. (made up figures)everyone sees the pattern, and it explains so much. but i don't agree with the extension that therefore all black people are violent, so fuck them.
it's not skin color that makes a black/brown/white/purple person to value educating their child and sacrificing their own benefits to give their child the most they can.Whites are the only race on the planet who have true empathy. Chink bugs will watch their own child's head get popped by a truck tire and feel/do nothing about it. Niggers have more abortions than anyone else, more fatherless children than anyone else, and will stomp their own child's head themselves because it was crying too much and he found it annoying. Poos don't give a fuck about their filthy living conditions and pump out dozens of children with no concern for whether their house can even fit that many people in it. Spics are close to whites and actually care about their kids, but still physically beat them way more than whites do. Japanese view their children as an extension of themselves and only care about making them successful because it's THEIR honor on the line as a parent, and a shitty child would be dishonorable and ruin their social standing. They don't care about the psychological damage that results from constantly pushing for the absolute best and punishing them for getting  points on a test instead of .I'll say it again. Whites are the only people capable of empathy. Remember this next time you interact with or see nonwhite families in action.
obligatory you're here forever
The Jew is merciless against even his own children, let alone those of other races. Every Jewish male child in the hands of the truly faithful is subject to penile mutilation in the form of whole foreskin circumcision, in what amounts to punching a gigantic hole in the nervous system and invoking MK Ultra style massive disassociative mental trauma, just short of creating alternative personalities. Every male Jew is ruined like this, their insanity, inferiority and hatred epigenetically-traumatically ensured with every generation, to ensure the Jews do not lose their collective madness. The boys are subject to incessant pederasty, until  legally under Rabbinic law, and after that illegally, because the Jew does not care one whit about the law if he can twist its spirit to suit him. The girls are free to be raped til that age at which their hymens are declared non-regenerative by Rabbi, after  years of age.
Powerful
The Jew does these things because his god commands it. The mark of circumcision is the mark of covenant, of slavery to Satan-Samael-YHWH-Yaldabaoth. It binds them to this inhuman egregore. The mark is then applied to goyim in Jewish captivity, again as the mark of a slave. This is explicit in the Old Testament. Circumcision marks slaves. Jews are slaves of 'god.' This 'god' is a madman, a squatter on the soul, an anarcho-tyrant nigger over a fallen world of his own nefarious creation. He has nothing to do with God, or holiness, with all that is Most High. He is just the opposite.
preemptive go fuck yourself, you know who you are. grow the fuck upi didn't mean it as an insult.
i definitely agree that those patterns emerge.but clearly you don't think that a "pure white man" can do no wrong? even with the "best white DNA" a white man can CHOOSE to be a "bad person". he can also choose to be a good person.to assume that a black person can't make the same choice, even if it is FAR more difficult for him, given his starting dna and culture, is wrong.i do agree that given a billion more years, and left alone, blacks wouldn't get anywhere close to where whites are.but, doesn't it make more sense to to take and accept the "best" of the blacks? just the same way, in reality, only the "best" whites are chosen.that doesn't mean that whites and blacks are the same. i'm not arguing that. i am arguing that some blacks are better than some whites, so using skin color as your only selection basis is a piss poor idea.
Indeed.
The Jew must be plainly clarified in the most extremist language. The Jew is not human. The Jew is barely a hominoid. The Jew is originally of a low neanderthal brood; not the funny looking cave men of your dumb meme GEICO commercials, but Danny Vendramini's neanderthals, vicious man-eating nocturnal Rephaim bastards. Idiotic cannibal man-apes. Stumpy, overmuscled, inflexibly jointed genetic weapons, % fucked up on adrenaline % of the time and looking for the next bit of raw flesh to tear into. These monsters were hunted to near-extinction, the last forced up into the Caucasus mountains, where they would slowly dilute their own blood with Cro-Magnon man- and leave a small typically % trace in Cro-Magnon whites- to enable themselves to infiltrate civilized society and achieve vengeance. These Armenoid-looking protokike mischlings would descend downward, into the Levant, and spread out from there.
fuck off, you doddering kike
but, doesn't it make more sense to to take and accept the "best" of the blacks?Sneaky kike detected. Why are you so desperate to get niggers in to the white ethnopolitics?
accurate
i started off poorly, my brain does not function as well as it once did, as evidenced by many typos i've made in these posts.my "insult" was directed towards the juvenile trolls. i was not directing an insult towards "nazis" on this board, because i actually consider myself a nazi now LOL.
The hardest part is when people ask why the world is so bad, and you can't just outright say the JewsIt's so fucking hard to do at first.this"Why do the banks not care if i lose all my property, anon?""Why is BLM destroying, raping and murdering other blacks and whites, anon?""Why is my son being taught to hate his gender and his race, anon?""Why are both political parties so set on going into a war with a nation that doesn't care about us (iran), but doesn't fight China, anon?""What is this 'pizzagate', anon?""Why is everything so anti-white, anon?"IT'S THE FUCKING JEWS
i suppose i am a sneaky kike. i just know if i take the ethno-centric system to that far of an extreme, it precludes people like thomas sowell. or bobby fisher. or insert-based-person-not-%-white.and that seems to me, a poor system. not refined enough.i suppose your views allow it, and you're comfortable with not having those wrong skin color people in your ethnostate. it just appears an awful waste of potential talent, to disqualify on skin color alone.
doesn't it make more sense to to take and accept the "best" of the blacks?Not really. Even the smarter blacks are fucking assholes and use their wits to enable the laziness and aggression that plagues the entire race.
Why would those people be incapable of spreading their intellect if they didn't live in a white ethnostate? Who knows how many Thomas Sowells have been swallowed up by the african shithole, that doesn't mean we need to throw away a pure, homogenous, safe society just to entertain the idea of getting a /,,, nigger.
As a result of their lowly origins, inbred, outbred, the near-mule descendants of the rape born progeny of monstrous cannibals generated out of a racial slurry of further racial infiltrations and dysgenic selection for essentially demonic qualities completely at odds with the Law and any order in the multiverse, the Jew ceased to be genetically stable. Jews are on the record as being disproportionately affected by schizotypal disorders- by the absolute crazies- and as suffering from diseases in the mold of porphyria, the Kingly Disease, clinical vampirism. They need foreign heme, really the stable DNA and stem cells within, to not suffer genetic and physical degradation. They will fall apart like the victims of radiation poisoning, slowly and subtly. And so Jewish ritual murder was born. 'But their laws forbid them to drink blood,' you say. Yes, and the Jew is a sly idiot operating on technicalities. Whole blood is forbidden. Dried blood in a medium, as sausage, matzoh, other bread, or wine, is not forbidden, and so it is imbibed in these ways. The Jew is dead, a flesh golem, as Miguel Serrano plainly called him; 'a genetic robot.' A sad, doomed creature, which can find no redemption save if the purity of his impurity is too low- his admixture with the goy too great- and he sides with that portion of his blood at the greatest pains, seeking the wholesale slaughter of all Jews the world over. Not merely to be 'a good nationalist,' 'an honorable Jew,' these are changes of skin like a chameleon, he will at heart remain the same and seek destruction of his racial enemies at another time; so it was with all the Conversos, and all like them, forever and ever after. Only in desiring and working for the literal death of all Jews including himself is a Jew redeemed.
Every time.
it precludes people like thomas sowell. or bobby fisherThomas Sowell- an economist and social theoristKike shitBobby Fischer- a chess grandmasterWow, a kike who's good at planning sneaky moves to beat his opponent? Who would have fucking thought?Nothing of value was lost.
all niggers live near other niggersniggers adopt a culture scorning education???all niggers score around the same IQgee who woulda thoughttheres an infinite number of more concrete explanations that can explain the low score, yet no one can be bothered to research instead its easier to post an old image with the same explanation you were given by another anon and call it a dayat the end of the day it doesn't matter because IQ doesn't mean shit on it's own, despite some who would have you believe the more retarded you are the more ferocious you get, makes you think why the Army isnt just full of the lowest IQs possible
Your earlier point about the lack of empathy I can get behind, but not the one about laziness; that's something everyone is guilty of.
if they're great, why pull them away from making their own homes greatafrica should get factories and infrastructure, not emigration papers
going to drop some redpills
sure, if you could start all over, with a new country, perhaps that's the best way?but you are in america, with a certain population. if you drop the "WHITE ONLY" part, and replace it with "american/white values only", it may be better?like... the cost to eliminate blacks and spics and chinks and etc, and then how to to test? DNA?  drop rule? da fuck, at this point, just forget skin color.look at results, values, actions. regardless of skin color. seems far more efficient at this point in history. cull the idiots, even if they are white, do not support them with welfare dollars so they can have more idiot white babies. or idiot black babies. or whatever garbage culture and values those single mom's have.

they got isreal,Not all of them agree. There are factions and internal fights
The Butler plan is the only solution for north America. Plan the next  years accordingly.
Who the fuck is Amalek?
Zionism versus BolshevismWOW, WHAT A CHOICEDEBATES ON HOW BESET TO ENSLAVE THE GOYIM
if you drop the "WHITE ONLY" part, and replace it with "american/white values only", it may be better?like... the costda fuck, at this point, just forget skin color.regardless of skin color.cull ... whitedo not support ... white babiesA nose just flew over my house
Oh... So it's a Talmud thing. Amalek doesn't actually exist anymore.
Generic /x/ sabotage attemptby feeding in bullshit information and schizo ramblings, they can poison the well to anyone looking in
The Jew does not change. The Jew cannot change. No more than his idiot god, repeating the same schemes over and over and over again, can change. Jews struck by conscience are mischlings, one and all, whose goyish blood manifested a little too strong, colored their souls off-Davidian blue, let a little bit of the true Spirit in. He is a murderer, and his father was a murderer, and the works of his father he will do. It is sad, it is a hideous thing, that such a monster is born to fuel the Drama of life. But it is true and it is unavoidable that it is true.OP, if you are even the slightest bit sincere in being a 'good Jew,' which you almost assuredly aren't because your entire thread consists of nothing but blowing the Jews' twisted scarrified microdick and saying 'you know goyim,, maybe we should just finish their plans and see what happens!' then kill them. Kill them all. Firebomb your synagogue and kill them all. You are born of literal evil, pitch black, and of the most preeningly wretched kind, devoid of possibility for inversion. It's just not in you. You're a golem on autopilot. The only thing you can hope to do is turn violently on the Rabbi of Prague and commit your own holocaust against the maximum possible number of kikes, hopefully severing your connection to Yaldabaoth. It would still be a cleaner fate than whatever awaits you in the World Pogrom, when the whole human race becomes keenly aware of blood libel, and knows what must be done.Who indeed? Highlight by ID, and continue reading. But in terms of a specific person, Amalek was the grandson of Esau-Edom, a Gilgamesh analogue whose birthright and blessing were stolen by Jacob-Israel at the behest of his bitch yenta mother. This was a good thing in Judaism's book.Amalek doesn't actually exist anymore.All his descendants do. His descendants are Germania, all Indo-Europeans, whites. More than a few rabbis are very explicitly clear on this.
The Jew must forgive amalek.
At least they are admitting public schools are a failure, that's a step in the right direction.
yes, because suggesting that "not all white people should reproduce" means i'm a nigger loving kike.see attached photo, you want these WHITE women educating your kids? living next to you? because of their precious WHITE skin color?no, get rid of bad values and ideas, no matter the color.
Of course not, it's jewish warfare. They can't physically fight, they have to do it secretly, by proxy. They're inbred desert rats that have to pool together to accomplish anything.
We'll deal with our women after we've dealt with you, moshe
and don't forgot about your precious WHITE meth heads. feels good paying for their fake disability claims, because they have the right skin color! you love them, but not a hardworking, honest spic, because you figured it out, skin color means everything. so smart, wow!
That was someones summit girl
yentaI learn so many new words on this board.talmudtanakhshiksamazel tovmikvahmetzitzah b'pehProbably a few more.
It's well poisoning! Look away, fellow bad goyim! Look away!You know how I got to be here, now, like this, incepted ten or so years ago?Holocaust revisionism. At that time, it was /x/ schizoposting for those not in the know. I was receptive as a matter of bemusement and lack of filter, not thinking I'd believe a thing as I pored through. I suffered a day and a half of near-catatonic ego death at how big the lie of the world was.Shocking normalfags with a traumatic overlord of undeniable horrible things works. It has always worked. It always will work. I will not moderate myself for optics. I do not have to here, and I in fact need to do exactly the opposite. Those who know, know. Those who don't don't. And those who can know, will know. While those who can't, won't. The only thing to do is shout the absolute highest truth, no matter how mad, from the highest mountaintop for all mankind to hear.The Jew is not a human being. He is something else. A bad insect. A monster. Even total quarantine is absolutely too merciful. The entire line must be eradicated, as they have sought our eradication for over three thousand years.
wanting to get a job working as an engineer on the oil rigs then settle down on some farm land outside of a major city in Idaho
Did you seriously just figure this out?
No surprises here
It's your fault as a parent for not letting your kid have their education sabotaged by stupid and/or violent subhumans.Most parents would have interpreted the word 'fault' to be facetious, and for the above sentence to actually be an endorsement of correct parental behaviour. Incredible how Americans don't see it that way.
oh definitely, the holohoax is the # reason any should become fully red-pilled.once you recognize it's all an exaggeration...then realize they actually have the "power" to make such lies, into accept truth...and then notice anyone who questions these things is called an "anti-semite" and shouted down... but never actually addressing the questions posed...Then the gay stuff, tranny stuff, childsex stuff.... and then history of it all... and how it's being repeated....it's all so tiresome..
You want some more kikese terms, events, and other things they don't like you hearing?tikkun olamkapparotgematriaSabbatai ZeviThe King David Hotel BombingUSS Liberty IncidentSaint Simon of Trentblood 'libel' of courseProphet Mani, ManichaeismGnosticismDemiurgeMiguel SerranoNeuschwabenlandAgarthaReich of the Black SunPut them down in a notepad or a word document. Don't forget trying to put them to your own memory.You are such a fucking mincing kike. How is it this hard for your to fit in? You know all the right things to say but are completely incapable of saying them right. And you can't do a god damn thing to stop me shitting up your thread beyond repair with the unmoderated truth, as you try to purple pill lurkers by admitting to 'joining us' and then pissing up the message with moderation trolling.
Ok but is there an uncucked version of Christianity that is free of Jewish influence or is it all a scheme for kikes?
lol. your incredulous indignation is so real and palpable.
lmao, you see it too right?they're all jews
Oh yeah, I forgot about some of those. I actually don't hate Jews, or anyone, but sometimes /pol/ has interesting topics and information that you don't see elsewhere, it's actually quite educational, even though there's a ton of shilling, spamming, and general crap too.
skin colorYou keep using that word. You're still so fucking bluepilled. Race =/= skin color.
one of us is confused, probably me.i posted what you quoted in earnest, i'm not sure what i posted makes you think im a mincing kike.i created this thread because i found it funny how right /pol is about jews being the root cause of so many things, most notably their desire to hurt the "white race".i look forward to a day the jews are held accountable for their treachery and would resurrect hitler to carry it out.
lel, the cords make it look like the dredlock-sideburns that hasidics have
it precludes people like thomas sowell. or bobby fisher. or insert-based-person-not-%-white.There's an assumption that if individuals who think up certain things, if they didn't exist, that those ideas wouldn't be thought up at all. This can't be proven and so shouldn't be used as an argument because one could also say that how do you know that if mankind didn't wipe out the kikes long ago that mankind wouldn't have societies on the moon or Mars by now? You don't know.
Not in organized religious form, and anybody esoterically inclined who says otherwise and says it loudly is likely a co-opter or honeypotter.The Gnostics proclaimed the worship of Christ and his total opposition to the god of the Jews. Marcion of Sinope, a member of the pre-Nicene organized church, preaching a moderated half-cut version of this was still so alarming the crypto-Jewish zealots trying to recast Him as their Mashiach that they had to immediately form a religious canon to stop him totallly capsizing their cooption operation. The Manicheans preached a similar Gnostic line, but were also extreme religious syncretists incorporating elements of pantheism/paganry, Buddhism, Hinduism, Zoroastrianism, and declared the world was a literal warzone made for Good to fight and triumph over Evil, which found its champions in the 'god' of Abraham and Moses, the prophets and their progeny. Unambigously. The Prophet Mani himself was famed as a painter in the same fashion as Hitler. The head of the Manichean Church was the Patriarch-Leader. The Fuhrer.In the end, Miguel Serrano & Savitri Devi are the final destination. Literal Hitler deifying Gnostic syncretists, Manicheans for a modern era.I actually don't hate JewsYou will. If you have a heart, you will. One day it will all come crashing in about your ears that everything I said in this thread was right, unambiguously, completely, madly so. It is inevitable. I swear that much to you.Your head is on fire. You are not hard to see. Your posts have been riddled with civnat cuckery, anti-white jabs, so on. You are a liar, talking out both sides of your mouth and soon both sides of your neck.
perhaps you're right, i'm probably not understanding the finer point.i'm using it interchangeably, to diminish the "value" of race, when it _appears to me_ someone cares far too much about "race" but is only really looking at skin color. though, i'm sure there is a more nuanced difference that is alluding me.
The New Testament is written in Greek and includes ideas from Greek philosophy like the Stoic Logos which is associated with Jesus in John. If you read it, % is just letters to different church communities with common sense instructions on how to live a better life. The only weird book is Revelation because it's prophetic. I read all of it and it is opposed to the degenerate shit we see today. I recommend the ESV translation, both highly accurate and readable. I also recommend the Orthodox denominations. What we know as Judaism today actually developed  years after the ministry of Jesus, when the Romans destroyed the Second Temple, and the Jews went into exile in Babylon. In Babylon, the Pharisees wrote down all the shit that Jesus criticized day in and day out. And so, Christianity follows God, but modern Rabbinic Judaism follows the Satanic teachings of the Pharisees and the rabbis of their tradition.
Yes, it's true. I drop JQ redpills on family all the time, and about half of them report back intermittently with texts like "you were right" "look at this article.... another cohenicidence"
I forgot to mention, the Pharisees wrote their condemned teachings in the Talmud, notably the Babylonian Talmud (there was also a Jerusalem Talmud).
They are treating White people like they aren't the majority of the country, anymore, or worse, a majority that will largely do nothing meaningful to stop their slanderous antics.
RevelationsWas a forced-fulfilling prophecy written by Jewish zealots LARPing as Christians, repainting him as the Mashiach of bloody-handed Satan-Samael-YHWH-Yaldabaoth, who would deliver them from Emperor Nero and Rome and destroy all of their works. It has literally already happened, and only God's sense of humor sees some of its signs- like the sun emerging from the womb of Virgo- appear again for an inverted rerun against the kikes, while they themselves try to make the shoe fit for moronic Nicene-Schofield evangelicals so they can Samson Option the world to death and rule the New Jerusalem of irradiated mestizo-mulatto bastards with an iron fist. Regard it with severe skepticism.Kike. Kike, kike, kike kike, kikel kikel kike.
i fully accept that i may be missing something that is very obvious to you, and you are upset, because you either (a) think i'm deliberately doing it to illicit a specific response from someone who happens to read my drivel. or (b) you just fucking hate the fact that someone as stupid me exists and breathes the same air as you.if an internet strangers word means anything to you - and it probably shouldn't - i'm not doing (a).if you just hate me for being a retard, fair enough, carry on with your life, your point is made and possible correct.otherwise, please share and expand upon an actual criticism you have for something i wrote.otherwise, you are behaving like a weaselly, sniveling jew that you claim to hate.
I’ve been red pilled thanks anon

I noticed it earlier
You are such a fucking mincing kike. How is it this hard for your to fit in? You know all the right things to say but are completely incapable of saying them right. And you can't do a god damn thing to stop me shitting up your thread beyond repair with the unmoderated truth, as you try to purple pill lurkers by admitting to 'joining us' and then pissing up the message with moderation trolling.You're doing good work, friend.
white parents want their kids to have a good educationOhhhh nooooooo. You are right, whites should fuck their kids in the spirit of diversity. Why is no one asking why school with mostly browns are shit?
Shut up, kike.You are the one good BLACK ANON HERE poster. This is a good use of memeflaggotry.I try.
...and now i see what you guys have been saying.We got another one boys. But seriously though, I'm with you even though we will probably never meet. You're one of us now.
lol
annnnd BACK TO THE FRONT PAGE
Thanks Leaf bro and "knowing all" bro. So like even the Jews took away any semblance of what could be a "true" Christianity. Fuckin kikes ruin everything.
BACK TO THE FRONT PAGE
don't get rid of all the non whites... In fact, get rid of some whites! Preferably the ones who breed more.You fucking kike. I hate you. Know that every day more people hate you.
interesting
How are these authors dumb enough to think people don't notice?
Hey that's like Mutt's law but Salonfähig. Sowell is a nigger that should preach in Africa.
The ones in charge know it's bullshit but keep it up as a tool of manipulation and fear (social credit). Those rank and file churning out the articles will do any mental gymnastics they can to rationalize it lest they lose their coveted position
people start to noticeplay the name game
You don't own nothing goyimBut I do, I own meaningless numbers in a computer somewhere....
annnnd AGAIN TO FRONT PAGE
fuck off, faggot, go larp somewhere else
Just a friendly reminder that kikes are the ones that want you to think in blacks vs whites as a last resort, because they still feel like with 'whites' they can hide among you. Like, "the only race is the human race. Oh yeah, and what about -%? Oy vey you're right, glad we're white!"Give up the white rhetoric, the sooner you do, the more you accelarate and put things into focus for the normies. Call yourselves American, based on European ancestry, make sure jews do not fit that description and let the normie reach the conclusion by themselves. Stop calling blacks, blacks. % of those BLM faggots didn't have family on a plantation, but are like Ilhan Omar and grew up among slave owners themselves in their own countries. Call those who are slave offspring west Africans, make them feel as well they don't belong in the USA.That's just a pro tip I want to give you. 'Whites', the opposite of 'blacks', puts you on the slave's and interloper's level. Nobody in the rest of the world speaks of their own people in such terms.
and I'm gonna DO IT AGAIN
BS, Catholics invented antisemitism. Jews were a privileged religio licita in ancient Rome, something that only stopped when Christians came to power. lrnhistory
but i don't agree with the extension that therefore all black people are violent, so fuck them.Because your culture is in love with niggers. Anyone not from America sees the logic.
double spacing fucking faggot
Also, Chabad-Lubavitch. If you ever find out you have terminal cancer or something like that, these are people that can get you into heaven. Just visit their centers closest to you.
access to white people is not a human right
You didn't find out until jews until Christianity. The Romans and Greeks did before the German tribes did. So you are looking at this through the lense of your culture, at the beginning of your tribes' times. But it goes farther back in time.
No. The Jews were engaged in kikery both before and after the Nicene Church. Per  they were enabled in kiking through the kiked-up falsified church. 'Christians' of the Roman creed acted as camouflage for kikes to operate under, and said kikes would go on to become very rich as the court Jewry of feudal Europe. Further, it legitimized their being 'chosen by God' at one point and merely abandoned, when they never fucking were to begin with, and were always completely of the prince of this world. That legitimacy later translated to their being still chosen by God in a parallel covenant. Thanks, you Schofield niggers!'Christianity' engaged in milquetoast persecution of Jews, and most always as a matter of bottom-up pogroms or demands for justice to a king who up to that point had been furnishing grist for Jewish mills, and it was Charlemagne who ensured Christians could not lend and Jews could do nothing but usury, cementing them permanently into the role of national subverters as whatever court Jew bid he do so wished to ultimately come from that decision.Christ is King. The church is rotten. Throw out the church, keep the Christ. Kill the Jews.
Hahahaha so fucking accurate.
how are you NOT a racist nazi loser after learning about the jews? I used to be a libertarian. I hate niggers spics jews trannies jannies chinks and baizou. How can you NOT advocate for white people and only white people after this?Its really that simple anon, your here forever.
They've been using this exact same playbook for centuries. It's fucking eerie when you compare what Hitler said about it to what's happening todayhttps://worldtruthvideos.org/watch/adolf-hitlers-awakening-to-the-the-jewish-problem-in-his-own-words_UyvPKpPxwfkYmVu.html
WHY WON'T YOU BEAT YOUR CHILDREN
Actually, there was nothing "sneaky" about Fischer's style of play, and you saying that demonstrates you know nothing of the game.He was a very open and clear player, and that included his later years when he played anonymously on chess sites on the internet. He also was a very generous teacher when he played those games...often letting a lesser player win or extend a game to let them lose more honorably while learning important lessons (especially regarding the middle game). But when he played against jews in competition he was bloodthirsty and fierce. Fischer was brilliant and based. He comprehended precisely the trauma and torture his mother laid on him as a jewess, and he comprehended the people she was descended from.
Ok, these are the names on that image:Chana Joffe-WaltJulie SnyderSarah KoenigNeil Drumming Ira GlassEve L. EwingRachel LissyStowe Nelsonso we already know Chana Joffe-Walt and Ira Glass are Jewish. The goal should be to check the backgrounds of all the others and add a star to the image next to each Jew. The final image might be a quite confronting bit of evidence for normalfags. If Jews want to shit on White people then they should expect people to start noticing their backgrounds.pic related is two more
Christian Identity a la WIlliam Finck
This is why white kids should be segregated into special, white-only schools for the benefit of children of color. Why should children of color have to suffer from the white kids’ parents’ bullshit?
oh no I posted again
Tell your friends not us anon we know already
Yes.
how do they get away with it?Goyim don't know they ar Goyim.Anglo-American Empire is Jew Owned.
tfw your  year old's speech is problematicTime for another abortion.
its amazing... it really appears that they are the chosen people with "special" powers over goyim, to be able to control the entire world this way.Goyim , Christians forget that Jews have their own parallel society.Nuremberg Laws are taken straight for the Talmud.Jews were always "another tribe" set apart from Europeans for  years.Theyt were never citizens. Jews had no influence when Nations had their Monarchies and the Church....they could work for them, they were allowed to charge interest ( massive mistake).It all changed after the Coup in England and the French Subversion.after WW in America jews were no longer percieved as strangers..positions in goverment, media and law were oppened to them...So European Civilization gets more Progressive with time....gone is their racial and genetic interests because of muh nazis....but Jews will alwyas be not-impure-gentiles.
started only a few months ago, but now i can't help it. it's so blatant and obvious, i'm ashamed that i didn't notice it sooner.pic relatedAnd you should never have noticed.
aaaaaaaAAAAAaaa
It was a Jew behind the viral anti-White BLM infographs too.Every. Single. Time.


https://twitter.com/CharCubed/status/
Jesus fuck. They all have inbred brains.
It looks like someone has gotten there before me
ALL THOSE JEWISH NAMES. This is like /pol/ satire. Ehh... why would you expect less out of the (((JEW YORK TIMES)))
Stowe Nelson looks quite Jewish too. I can't confirm though. Here's his twitter if anyone wants to search through @nelsts
Ya know if jews wanted me to not condemn them all theyd be killing and ostracizing these types of jews publicly but they dont because they dont care and more than likely love it.
Palendrone, inverse your position.Better find out whosnat the top of this and take care of it once and for all.May god be with you always.May god be with us all!
checked and accurately blued the (((white))) people
Funny this comes just as common core is being acknowledged as a flaming pile of shit isn't it?
Huh, I never looked at David vs Goliath this way.
now i understand what hilter really wanted.no you don't
recording bath timeJust be present with childconversation she hadYou don’t fucking have conversations with  year olds. Have you ever fucking talked to a  year old? They mimic words based on your face and gurgle. They don’t know the meaning of anything besides mommy/food
Funny how the kikes are doing the exact same thing they accused Sennacherib of doing. I wish christcucks would wake up, stop worshipping them and doing their dirty work for them.
My whole life I always saw patterns, thought to myself, "why do I keep seeing this degenerate shit that follows the same pattern? there must be a group doing this but who?" I also had a strange respect for Hitler that I couldn't explain, something else beyond him being the archvillain that almost won, and wondered just why he hated the Jews so bad. What pissed this man off THAT bad? Something was off about everything but I could never put my finger on it.Then I came here and it all made sense. I understood the degeneracy patterns, I understood what the strange respect for Hitler was and why he hated the Jews so bad, I understood what was off about everything, and I understood who that group was. It was right there the whole time, the missing piece, insidiously lurking at the edge of sight and mind yet everywhere at all times. Everything fit together in a way I didn't like and yet I couldnt deny it: it's the goddamned Jews.
white students magically make browns better
Have you ever fucking talked to a  year old? They mimic words based on your face and gurgle. They don’t know the meaning of anything besides mommy/foodHoly shit, american children are retarded. That explains a lot, what do they put in your water.
The cities will empty after the cities end again
Christian culture is centered around Jews. They have holidays for Jews. They killed hundreds of thousands of white men to worship Jews. They listen to Jewish psalms. They elect a Jew as their first bishop. They dress and act like Jews. They draw the entirety of their History from Jewish mythology. They post stories about Jews. They go to church to praise Jews. Their biggest event of the year involves the birth of a Jew. They use Jewish words like "Hallelujah" and name their children after Jews. When you say "Judeans" they're not thinking of a Middle Eastern peoples. They're thinking of their „ancestors“ . Their churches are completely adorned with Jewish characters. They worship their Jewish prophets and saints disproportionately filled with Jew worshipers. Their men sit around dying for a Jew while their women sit around listening to a Jewish woman. They worship Jews like Saul of Tarsus and Peter and Jehohanan and Thomas while attacking the pagan Greeks and Romans who actually built an empire before Jew worshipers took over. Their art is filled with Jews and their lists of prophets are topped by Jews. They send Jew worshipers to kill unbelievers and celebrate when ancient European monuments and shrines get destroyed because they don’t honour Jews. They read Jewish books to a point where "Holy Lands" does not make them think of their ancestral homelands but about a desert in the Middle East instead. They will tell you how much they hate Jews and how they threw them out all the time and they are just pretending to live with them but the evidence speaks for itself in that Christianity has always been and will be a cult of Jew worship.
That's why Emperor Chadrian (bone grinder as your masters call him) destroyed the second temple right, christkike?
It's the jew's greatest trick. Try to spread a lie so much that people eventually believe it to be true. Subversive fucks.
Anyone else notice (((sudden weight gain))) during the (((pandemic)))?
No. I haven't eaten out since the end of February. I've lost weight.
You gained lbs in  months? You're a fucking retard and clearly never had any discipline to begin with.
Were you fit or lardass before? I also haven’t been eating out and been cooking from scratch (or my gf). Could also be my gf spiking my food, been noticing her and women in general acting crazy these days.
Wanna avoid weight gain?Eat like a Type- Diabetic
Stop eating shit. The wife and I have both lost  lbs since COVID. Making your own food and planning meals really keep calories down and saves a fuck load of money. I’ll sacrifice walking in through the mouth breathers at the store once a week for fresh produce my garden can’t supply
The opposite for me I've been working out consistently and have gotten much more lean even though I eat like shit now compared to before quarantine
I gain weight super easily. It was more like  lbs but still. My gym routine got fucked and I got lazy.

Were you fat or /fit/ before? I’ve been hearing this but usually from overweight ppl who never exercise.
So you stopped doing the basics of pushups, sit ups, pull ups, running, etc and just ate without any regard?
I've lost  lbs since this shit began. Saved a ton on groceries and I'm in shape for whatever the fuck is coming next. Nothing is in the food. Your fat ass is just being lazy and eating too much.
. BMI to 
What is your workout? Do you have a home gym? Not having easy access to weights is killing me.
Working out doesn't matter. Bullet trumps two rocks. Can't wait to see tfw killed by a lb american sniping out of his mothers attic then using his trained pitbulls to pick your dead corpse for loot to then order online dominos delivered straight to my doorstep.
catch covid-virus triggers type- diabetes Master plan.
If you lost  lbs in  months you were probably  lbs before and are still fat as fuck now.
Damn where did this guy get a window into the future of civilization? Glad you took a picture
I've stayed the same weight. Because I still get drunk every night.
lost lbs in  monthsNo, you didn't.
It's been  months my guy. I started getting my ducks in a row when I first heard about Covid in China. OMAD and working out does wonders.
You want some help bro?
see
I am ' " as well and any time I am unemployed and inactive I tend to gain wait. I also tend to eat a bit more since I am depressed. I own up to the fact that my weight gain is my own doing and completely unrelated to a government conspiracy theory unlike the immanent takeover. Cheers dikbutt.
I ate normally and did basics, but probably not at high enough intensity. I had a weight routine before at the gym whoch got jewed but I still exercised regularly. I am thinking my gf could be spiking my food, I’ve actually eaten less overall since this began.
I was underweight and gained  lbs in . months by drinking a gallon of whole milk a day and eating a lot. I am thinking of going back on the diet to get to  lbs.
You didn't lose lbs in  months either.
Thanks kike, your input is noted.
Vaccines trigger Type-, not diet.
I gained about lbs
OP i did notice weight gain was more resistant. I've started staying on my feet all day via snake man and now im staying slim again.
I'm lying about losing the weight on an anonymous forum for what reason exactly? There's literally nothing to gain.
I'm a kike for acknowledging that some theories have credence and some are completely absurd? I'm a kike for saying that people must acknowledge their own actions? The absolute state of /pol/.
I wish I were capable of gaining weight like you fat fucks.
'"also gained  lbs
You're just fat. Take your meds.
spiked with fucking what? You sound like a retard dude. I somehow managed to still stay fit and drop a few pounds during this bullshit. When you do  push ups a day,  sit ups, and  pull ups, plus running - miles, you can do just fine.
Literally nothing in my life changed durring the pandemic. I dont how i should feel about that.
Thanks, if I ever need a lamp you’re my guy
I dont pay attention to my weight, I just keep lifting and eating as normal. As long as i don't have a gigantic belly im fine. Can care less for packs just worry about nice pecs and arms.
Sugar dumbfuck. Shave a zero off of those rep numbers and I might believe you, or keep projecting you’re clearly an insecure fatass.
Fellow '". No major change. Cooking every meal at home. Eat less shitty food. Probably snack and drink a bit more to keep weight even. Guess is you're probably doing the same, but still eating takeout/delivery.
I gained about  kgs, lost it all pretty quickly. Maybe you just need to stop being a fat shit.
Yeah, I gained  pounds that definitely, definitely wasn't there before February. I'm a victim of this panic, not a lack of personal responsibility at all.
Yeah six packs mean very little except for faggots and fuckbois. You give good advice but for me weight is something I need to watch out for.
It's not hard man. It's about spacing it out. If you did  push ups or situps every time you took a piss, do you realize how many you could do in one day?
fortpls
If you do  a day you are half repping unless you are a navy seal or a manlet.  every time you take a piss must fuck up your bathroom, your home must smell like shit.

You’re probably an absolute fatass looking to feel a little bit less like a  lb whale.
I have legit been doing  push ups after every piss. And I piss a lot because I drink a lot of water. Sit ups, I do  in the morning,  in the afternoon,  after work, and  after running with my dog. Pull ups, I bought one of those BS doorway ones and use that. None of what I said is hard if you actively try to do it. You just seem lazy. Let me guess, you bench on a Smith machine at the gym?
Yeah you sound like halfrep king, that is not how you work out my bro.
i do the same shit actually. been lazy today though. i throwing in hand stands for - seconds and also hangs for a shorter duration for variety as well
Not a SEAL but I was in the Marines when I was younger, which instilled a great deal of discipline and fitness in me.
Ah, if you were in the marines I believe you. Are you a manlet or full-sized human?
How do you feel about crayolas new blm crayon box?
I didn't say diet, I said the virus could trigger it.
Marines are short mexicans.
You’re probably an absolute autist that misses jokes.
i will say doing this every fucking day may lead to injury for anyone lurking abs ive noticed dont hurt when working them dailymy best gains have come from idling around parks, running until im a bit beyond tired, doing a few pull ups, and repeating for a few hours then resting for a dayscuzzbrush races bring me nightmare
Depends on what you're definition of a manlet is. I'm '". Regardless, everything I just said is attainable. It's literally about discipline and making yourself do it.
No I got it, but you still come off as an insecure fatass
I lost around  lbs during quarantine. My eating habits actually got worse since I began to actively avoid the super markets once the panic buying started. All in all though, my weight has been fluctuating between  &  for years
I fucking eat them all.
Semper crayola debil doge!
put some weight on man.
King of manlets then. I know how to work out but probably not at marine level discipline. You should alternate exercises and not do  of anything daily though.
nice try, fatass
What do you weigh?
I've been losing weight, but that probably has to do with cocaine use. I mainly eat frozen pizzas and BLTs Lol... Also I fuckin lift big weights (not really, but kinda).
Push ups are nothing to me, dude. I don't think you understand how many I used to have to do haha. I'm just saying, without a gym, this is what I was doing, that's all. Running was probably the best thing for me, because I had been neglecting that. I was wearing my dog out some days, and this german shepherd can fuckin' run.
How many gallons of soda did you drink a day ? How many sugar shit did you eat ?
Well if that's the case, good. Nothing forces you to eat and live healthy like type- diabetes.I know first hand, no room for faggotry.
Right now lbs. But I'm also only about % BF. I'm tired of hearing about ' guys that weigh  lol. If you're '", you should be a minimum of lbs if you are fit. Preferably, you should be above . Skinnyfags get the rope.
an actual schizonobody told him to take his meds???
I gained - pounds at most but am losing it. I had been working out a lot tho in lockdown.Gaining lbs of pure fat is a lot mate. Thats about a  calorie surplus everyday for  months.
Lost  pounds when I got very sick (not corona, got tested) put it all back on in a few weeks with a bit more intense exercise and some big boy sandwiches.
I've been drinking like a fish. None of my pants fit me properly anymore.
Yeah you’re right I probably don’t, marines are pretty fucking hardcore. How many pushups in a row can you do? My personal record is  full rom without breaking form, I bet you guys could knock out at least  in a row easily by end of basic.
jesus.. if you do less you eat less... most people are retarded and don't understand the most simple concept of energy input and energy output.Just do a single week of calorie counting and you will be amazed how much you fucking stuff yourself with.If you want to lose weight you need a calorie deficit and you can achive this by two things, either eat less or burn more energy.
' used to be a pretty solid athletic type ( minute mile and good lifts) nowadays I'm just maintaining what I have.
Same thing happened to me, drank a lot of beer after furloughed from my job.Need to lose a stone at least, but finding it hard to lose.Youre probably getting older op, try not to let yourself get fat in the first place.
Too much logic mate
actually i've started doing cardio and eating less to lose weight. i've already lost nearly kg and i wasn't too fat before as it was. i just watched my and stopped eating jewish snacks and drinking coke
I think that you’re a (((fatass)))
No sugar, and definitely no soda. I will say that you frogs have great bon-jewed food. Every time I visit France I lose like - lbs in a month even though I eat more.
Now? or then? Because I definitely can't knock them out how I use to. -yrs old was the best shape of my life lol. Sometimes I look back and am amazed at what I use to be able to do. Right now, about -.
Most of my co-workers are middle aged and put on -lbs each.Zoomers have just been cooming and getting pudgy tooIf america shuts down again in the fall it will literally be the west at it's weakest
Just take DNP, start out with mg and go up to  soon
Like I said, I fluctuate over the years. The pandemic brought me down to  by May, now I'm around  and putting on a bit more
am i the only one that lost weight?
Hi Anon. It wouldn’t surprise me given how messed up this timeline is. Maybe the only way to do it as you get older is to starve yourself like those Holocaust guys.
don't bother   is either a seething fatty that sees your weight loss as a reminder of their own inadequacy that if they actually tried could achieve or they are a seething kike that isn't geting your snack shekels. keep it up anon
I know how to calorie count and have been eating less and run - miles per day (.- km/day). This is why I think my gf might be spiking my food, she hasweird hangups about weight.
Get a cheap scale and weigh yourself every morning without exception. Track your weight. Set small goals for yourself, and if you fail to meet them, impose a mandatory -hour fasting period on yourself. In a couple months, you will be in much better shape.
Dude, just work hardercarnivore it
I lost weight by starting a shake diet during lockdown. Easy when in a routine. Seeing some nice side abs now. Hard when life chaotic though, which mine now is.
Fatass yes but no ((()))
plz be fat so I can justify my pig like eating habitstop kek
Let me back this up with, I will not have perfect form at  any more though.
My gym routine got fucked and I got lazy./thread/. Go back to /b/ or /fit/. This post isnt politics related.
Been trying, almost no carbs. But it hasn’t been working, something is (((wrong))).
I dropped a bit over  in a year once. But I was on just  kcal per day. Seems an unlikely thing to pull off in  months unless you start out at  foot tall  lbs or some shit.
muscular people that maintain their diet are gaining weight because they can't exercise as much. Instead of marginalizing their regiment to compensate for the situation, they're going full speed.A vice by any other name is still a vice.
I eat well and little carbs and no junk. Bet you’re eating cheetos with your dirty coomcovered fingers right now big boy.
shows a picture of steroid abuse as an example
battle of the bulge
D
lbs checking in. I lost  lbs during quarantine, then gained  back.
I suppose I just happen to have the best genes.I don't have to think my eating at all. I eat when I like, what I like. My system tells me when to stop. My weight is very stable year in, year out.Same with drinking. I can drink what I want and two, three days in a row, then my system just tells me to stop. No issues whatsoever.
Yeah I literally have no idea what you're talking about. When the pandemic started I lost my job, so I just hung out in my garage and did calisthenics and ate chicken legs (poverty food of the gods btw). By late May I'd gone from lbs to , and had abs coming in. My weight has shot back up but that's because I'm literally so poor that I had to tap into my barrel of emergency riceIdk what you're doing but maybe you just need to eat less and cut your carb intake down to 
i've actually sadly lost weight. without the gym i'm not physically straining myself enough to keep up with my old appetite and i'd say it would make me sick to eat even half of what i used to but i literally cannot even get to the point of eating that much now, i'm just not even as hungry to begin with. haven't eaten breakfast in  months - now that i think of it - i don't think i've even eaten within - hours of waking up in general for the last  months
If you're naturally a skinny guy, then eat up, and hit the weights. Don't eat bullshit though. I'm not saying to eat  calories from McDonalds.
i believe you, i do this. fuck them.
 Cals a day is insane. Were you in a PoW camp or something? I dropped  lbs in one summer at age  just by running  miles a day and cutting carbs, but my metabolism is slower now at .
no carbs memeThe only way to diet is to starve yourself. Be it gradually or otherwise. Trying to go cold turkey will shock your system and force it into survival mode. Learn to fast.
So you're about -lbs with no muscle? Just because you can "eat what you want" does not mean you're in shape or healthy.
Cool, still impressive if you can so  full form in a row.
I dropped  lbs since the lock-in. Too bad I have stretch marks on my gut now :(
Fasting sounds like a jew meme. I need to be able to focus throughout the day and use my brain a lot for my job.
Yeah I can do - in a row with great form. After that, I need a break if I'm going to continue with perfect form. I'm  but my body feels so much older sometimes lol
 lbs, generally fit. Never had a problem getting laid either.Weight lifters are weak as pussies. Always something fucked up, can't do this, can't do that. Whining bitches, looking to be in "perfect fit" only at competitions. Outside of competition just manchildren.
So fast @ night? Easy peasy.
t. pussy eurofagWho will protect you when a  yo somali refugee overpowers you and rapes your boypussy?
weight lifters are pussies for trying to be healthyWe will probably live longer than you. Why even come into a thread like this unless you want to get destroyed?
You do free weights, but use a $ gadget pullup bar? Don't you bump your head on the door lintel? I tried one of those, it slipped, I decide it was dangerous. So I got a real one. You might look in to something like this Titan pull up bar, about $.I use a Smith machine at home because I don't have a spotter, and I'm old. A lat machine and speed bag too, I'm getting double strikes down.  I drink a lot of purified water too, and have cut back to about one soft drink a week. Cutting out carbonated, malted battery acid makes a big difference. Watch your caloric intake.A lot of people stuck at home are eating more and have become sedentary.Never run, always walk. With my dog.Avoid fried foods.Don't play cards with guys named Doc.Never eat at a place called `Mom's'.
That’s natural. But I think he meant something like only eat am-pm every day.
Nope, you're just a fatass with no self-control.
I never really workout at home, until the gyms closed down. That's when I started this "new routine". I've done a lot of things I didn't think I would do during this.don't play cards with guys named Dochahahah
Who will protect you when a  yo somali refugee overpowers you and rapes your boypussy?They won't. I have my ways with them.We will probably live longer than you.Bullshit. Why even come into a thread like this unless you want to get destroyed?I just wanted to let you know that Finnish genes are the best. I know only few fats, everybody are pretty much the same as me. None of my friend goes to gym.
He wants to get destroyed. He’s a eurofag and geys off on fantasizing getting destroyed by other men.
Finnish genes are the bestsaid no one ever, besides you. Exit this thread immediately.
I was kg when the pandemic started, now I'm at kg. It's easy to lose weight when you don't have to deal with co-workers offering you candy all day.
You just fantasize that you could get some of my genes by homosexual penetration. It doesn't work like that. You must be born from Finnish parents to get them.
How tall? Germans do seem to have good genes overall for weight, though I do occasionlly see a few gigantic fatass gunthers.
lol noI lost  lbs u fat fagggot
You’re a fucking mongol russian rapechild. Nobody wants your genes. Get back in the cuckshed matti.
Exit this thread immediately.I like going in the middle of niggers and provoke littlebit. Same with fats.I just can't help myself sometimes.https://youtu.be/WorJFKLE
You're at  lb of fat loss per week, approximately. What's wrong with this, exactly? A cut should be -% to -% deficit max. Anything more is risking losing muscle.https://legionathletics.com/weight-loss-calculator/ctrl + f " calories"Use the calculator at the top, find your fat mass. Multiply fat pounds by . Boom, your max deficit in calories you should be using.I hope you're tracking calories.
im so bored I lift everyday but dont eat enough so i lost weight and became all philippine-core body
Don't eat bullshit though. I'm not saying to eat  calories from McDonaldsWhy are you talking to me like I'm your little brother? My eating habits went to shit because I lived in a nigger infested city. Between them and the corona I opted to hunker down until I could get my ass back to the countryside
No. Just hit a slump in my s. Gained about a pound a month for a decade. Realized I was a fat piece of shit. Determined to fix it. Wasn't in the best shape for running. So just lifted and walked and ate very little, mostly chicken and veggies with nothing on it. Took the weight off in /th the time it took me to put it on. To this day, I still eat cheese or butter or oil or white bread or fried shit etc. No beer either, although I'll still drink whiskey here and there. Still lifting and walking too. Could stand to probably drop a few still. But I've been keeping steady for a good while.
hahah I was trying to give some advice, you absolute shithead.
This is going to sound out there but it’s my theory. Every time I’ve noticed a change in timeline, my stomach expands ridiculously. It feels like a balloon. I know every time. I’m having the same problem now and during meditation I can see multiple timelines being.. processed and collapsed. Big changes are happening and it happens within our body too. It’s been bothering me a lot, so I’ve been meditating on it and I keep seeing everything is going to be okay and my body will go back after we stabilize timelines. Part of the ascension process. I think.
I usually lose faster if I go all lut, like at least - lbs a week. This time it’s stranger because it’s harder to lose and the fat doesn’t show up as obviously on my body (I’m also more muscular now than before). So I didn't even notice that much weight gain until I got a home scale.
my sidesthank you anon
OP I think you might be a fat retard like in your pic
' dropped llbs (just over a stone as we say in the UK) if anything the lockdown gave me the opportunity to focus on physical and mental fortification. I've seen nothing but people crying about putting weight on when all they've done is eat like fucking pigs and drink alcohol. In the middle of a so called pandemic the last thing you should be doing is putting your immune system at risk.
Kek, OP got more hostile and autistic as this thread went on. Confirmed fat mongoloid.
he thinks the guy in the picture is fatThe absolute state of leafs and skinnyfags.
It's appreciated, but that's not the advice I need. The advice I need is more likeAnon you need to eat at least  calories, half won't do
And you read all of it and loved it you cuck.
I think you’re a khazar
No I meant like don't be scared of skipping meals, and don't be ashamed of eating smaller meals throughout the day and taking power naps instead of having ritual large meals and designated sleep times.You're not a fucking animal being potty-trained to eat and shit only certain times of the day.If you're tired and hrs wasn't enough sleep? Fuck it, sleep some more. Sleep through breakfast/lunch. Don't make your body fear that it needs to consume the same allotment of breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day.oh fuck I missed breakfast and lunch, better eat everything including dinner at the same time to make up for it!You can't skip "carbs" and replace your "caloric intake" with other "calories". Everything is so loosely fucking defined just to fuel someone's patented technology.You don't need to do any exercise other than stretching and cardio unless your intent is to build muscle, but then your intent isn't to lose weight. And don't stress yourself either because that also activates survival mode.
not so much, fatbody
No I stopped once it got sad, somewhere halfway through. You are a fucking loser who gained weight and tried blaming covid . How fucking stupid can you get.
FAT spergTake your gear, schizo
But eating fast food is a perfectly legit way to bulk, plenty of weightlifters do it.
Yeah I do force myself to eat at mealtime. Also have been getting less sleep and stressed overall bc I put more pressure on myself now that I work from home (and this have more time to work). Good advice, thanks anon.
not so much fatbody
I could lose  % of my brain cells and still be more functional than a strayan prison rapetrash bogan. S’truth Steven, watch out for stingrays fuckin oath.
All I can say is, you're doing something wrong. Scale is broken, you're overestimating/underestimating, not tracking calories, etc.. Also I call BS.  pounds is not something you "don't notice".Track your calories with myfitnesspal and use the calculator I linked. Trust me it works.
Ive been doing intermittent fasting, and home cooking. Gained muscle, lost fat. Weigh a little bit more but not much.
Sure, but not for all of your daily calorie intake. You want to have a Burger King lunch while bulking up? Sure, go ahead. Eating fast food for all of your intake is completely unhealthy.
You don't need to do any exercise other than stretching and cardio unless your intent is to build muscle, but then your intent isn't to lose weight. And don't stress yourself either because that also activates survival mode.Spoken like someone who truly doesn't know what the fuck they're talking about. Your entire post was bullshit s o y science.You absolutely should be lifting while cutting to prevent muscle loss. And lifting heavy.
No seriously man. I noticed weight gain, but nothing like  lbs. I have a very big frame so that might “hide” it. I will check if my scale is set properly, it was acting a bit weird.
Three meals a day is not the natural state for the human body, it constantly has the body in 'digestion' mode severely restricting autophagy, your body needs time to heal/repair and can not do this when digesting food, your cells get clogged up with waste and it causes inflammation and increased ageing.https://www.medicaldaily.com/how--meals-day-became-rule-and-why-we-should-be-eating-whenever-we-get-hungry-https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/
stress makes weight loss difficult
Sure, not every meal. But what do you mean unhealthy? Too many calories? Not enough protein? People who say fast food = unhealthy, usually don't even explain what they mean by unhealthy.Fat for instance isn't the enemy. Certain fats are healthy for you and your body needs them. So many nutrition myths still being repeated from outdated 's/'s studies.
Metabolism is not a conspiracy you retarded fucking nigger. Eat less.
How old are you? Around  the male body pretty much says "fuck you fatty, you're on your own" and it gets way harder to lose weight.Count your macros for a week and keep up the regimen. Report back next week. Nothing a lil' bit of math can't solve, chief. Wouldn't be shocked if China pulled some mean girls shit on our food supply.
I've put on lbs anon. Gyms have reopened today in UK and I can't wait to burn this shit off.
i can't manage my dietit's the jews' fault
Based. We should all be intermittent fasting every day. Reject the cereal industries "breakfast is the most important meal of the day" Jew.
. I still have time but it’s not lime it was when I was .
You absolutely should be lifting while cutting to prevent muscle loss. And lifting heavy.Also more muscle means more calories ur body uses. Lifting is fun as shit and every man should do it.
You must have been a big ol' hoss when this started ( at best, I'm guessing). If so, good for you. If not so, see a doctor you Kurt Godel on his deathbed looking motherfucker
That’s some really pathetic shot to think that that is hard, imagine not being fueled by hate and rage
One whopper meal is over half of the daily caloric intake for a normal person.
You’re right, jews only want to help. Thank you so much khazar-kun, I eed to suck more jew cock. MIGA
I've lost around  pounds, I got the chink flu and it killed my desire to eat, my body is eating itself
t. Manlet
My guy,  pounds is like  big house cats, or one smallish/medium dog.You telling me you missed that? Definitely check that scale. + for intermittent fasting. I usually skip breakfast/lunch. Do cardio fasted and then weightlift fasted. Then a feeding window - hours.Breakfast cereal was the biggest scam ever perpetrated on humanity, and the cereal barons deserve to be locked up.
Nope. I've lost lbs...started using my home gym again and i almost have a sixpack :)
ThisAnd for anyone that lifts natural GH significantly increases whilst in a fasted statehttps://www.dietdoctor.com/fasting-and-growth-hormone
Decent. I am /fit/ but have thunder thighs and broad shoulders so my BMI always says unhealthy and I get real pensive and sad, wondering if these gains are ill-begotten. They need a button applying some adjustment factor for myself and other Americans suffering from hereditary swoleiosis.
Yeah, that's bullshit. Age does not change the mechanism of fat loss. You're body does not magically retain more fat because you're older. Any changes in metabolism are very slight.Older people are fatter because they're less active, and their diets go to shit, period.
Gold standard
fried potatoesNo thanks if I buy food I prefer it to actually have taste.
Nice meal. Wouldn't have expected that from a north european, but It looks tasty.
I can tell you're a nigger.
Fried potatoes and baked potatoes are the worst food in history period. If you can only say "it doesn't taste bad if you smother it in X and Y" it's a shit food.It's the food you eat during starvation and plagues.
Starchy vegetablesEnjoy your  fast to get rid of all those calories bro.
Absolutely
Crust didn't even puff up or brown
Lol you dumb motherfucker
You don't have a say in anything.
God dammit Florida. All you had to do was wear a mask.
filipino monkey hate thread
How can you live in one of the most beautiful regions of the world and fuck it up so royally?
I like them more than Japanese, they might not be the richest people on the planet, but mostly they are very good people
Manila and Quezon city are the only places that look like that in PH, .m people in an area of .km, New York in comparison is .km and .m people
I had to work out of Manila for  months as a dive welder. The two week I was there I passed like  corpses, two had been shot and one looks like he just starved to death. Western medicine was a mistake, now they have millions of people living like rats in their own shit piss and garbage
the first two weeks*
thoughts on duterte?
Throughly based, doing the best he can with a nation of low IQ subhuman rape babies as citizens
no family planning exists there as well, if the government had half a brain in it's head it would subsidise the pill
mostly lazy people who try to be niggers or claim chink heritage. even they know they are bottom tier garbage and scramble to the next step up the hierarchy.these are the sea monkeys of asia.
The issue is they are throughly catholic so they will continue to breed like rabbitsI’m suprised coronavirus didn’t wipe like a third of them out in the first month, must be the poo immunity like India
they have the worst food of all asia, by fartradition wants you to eat it in shit plastic plates with your fingers
inherit english/chinese/spanish/god knows who else mutt languagecan’t inherit forks or chop sticks
sad isnt it. iirc philippinos make up the largest immigrant group in canada. their hard workers and intelligent graduates leave the country as soon as they can which results to a brain drain
The fuck is wrong with you people? The filipinos are great. Fuck this boad.if it ain't white, it aint rightBunch of incels.
Yes we are a modern day slave raceYou know who else were ((slaves)) back in the day
you're just upset because it wasn't a shewhere did the ladyboy touch you?
The turks?
Femanon here. Then why do you white incels flock to their country to buy a midget wife? You’re the number one reason they get green cards and we have to walk around seeing those oompa-loompas and their muts in white countries
I hate that they refer to things like onions sauce as Kikoman.
because if you are sub ’ you have no chance in any other country in the world. The tallest man they’ve seen is like ’ with a pencil dick, even the most average white guy in America is literally a king in PH
Digits confirm, Manila the launch site for the first manned mission to MarsSuperpower by 
So then why not keep your sex tourism tourism there? Let PH be the white incels playground and don’t bring your little pregnant souvenirs back to our country.
You have to remember OP the overcrowding is caused by the belief that the city is where it's at for living. In terms of social standing you're better off living in the city unless you want to be known as a provincial pleb, seriously that's the mindset. You could live like a king in a nice house on the beach and the city dwellers will still look down on you.memeflag"femanon"The quality of women changed a whole lot. Older gen women tend to have better family values than the current gen ones.
that entire post is pic related
Aren’t you even gonna say ‘tits or gtfo’?
interesting. Is it like in the US where city people are more “liberal” and rural farmers are more conservative? how do the politics work?
. I have the memeflag delouser, so I can't be fucked unhiding your kind (memeflag).. Kikette tits are overrated.
dude I may be a Flip but I don't get % percent of the things you're complaining about
leave the fucking filipinos alone, they make the best remote outsourced employees and are really nice people. they also love america.fuck you assclowns, go rip on india and pakistan, they fucking suck.
test
literally rent free in one amerimutt to the point he has to make this slide threadI’d say they are überbased and also make really good barbecue
worse eating habits than the Chinesethis isnt true eitheractually i wouldn't be surprised if a chink made this post, because the chinks hate filipinos and filipinos hate china. they hate china for good reason, the mother fuckers export plastic rice.
Pathetic.You need to go back
especially in dotakek
Maybe he’s just a flip hapa himself who hates his flip part because he got the short end of the genetic stickLegit most of the threads of people hating any kind of Asians here are either white women or Asians themselves
False, women can buy the pill at any pharmacy. Cheap version, Trust brand pill  pesos ($) for a month, good stuff Dianne  brand.  pesos ($) a month. They prefer Dianne though cos its said to make their skin whiter and they literally all worship whites and want a white baby.
Philippinos aren't rape babies. The Spanish didn't mix with the native population like they did in the Americas. The only reason they have Spanish names is because it gave them better status.
threatened to shoot female insurgents in their genitalsfucking kekDidnt know he was out right letting the tranny faggots know they will be shot with no bars held
definitely white
Just shut up, you have no clue what you're talking about. Filipinos mostly work as janitors here and every single one of them that I meet is dumb as a rock, I can't bear to speak to one for more than five seconds.
low birth ratesblacks cuck whites out of society, government, culture and womenhas cancel culture going onprojected to be a minority in their own country by the snumber one exporter of degenerate filth (hollywood and porn)trillions of dollars in debt%. Emperor with no clothes (cucked race) who has no self-awareness. Lmao
Lad, you can report ladyboys to the local barangay and they will be arrested for raping you There's no need for the cope.
shilling for the pillkike thread, cya
The city is completely soulless to me. It’s a combination of people living in the most unlivable conditions because they thought there would be better living opportunities there but are instead stuck in their squatter sheds sniffing glue from their tiny income as pedicab drivers or snitching some other poorfags. And the other part is an extremely materialistic middle class that are very similar to your average Asian middle class that seem to think going to malls  times a week and spending half your savings on clothes you never wear is something that constitutes the meaning of life. It’s the only kind of people who has worse swimming skills than joggers because this is the place they live most of their live.Meanwhile the provinces are super comfy. No noisy traffic and choking pollution, pristine beaches, bros everywhere and fresh produce. Sure the roads can be shit but I don’t mind. I’d even say the people there are humane.
White women come to /pol/Delusional retard.
Yeah but they have swag
I agree Phils is a shithole but there are literally millions of single women there, mostly single moms abandoned by their local boyfriends cos they dont have child support laws. If you want to get laid its a great place to go. The beaches are cool too.
lol shut the fuck up carlos I could go to your country and personally fuck your mom sister and girlfriend in front of you in your sheet metal hut
They’re not low IQ, and I admire their devotion to the catholic faith, hard work ethic, and their women are qtThat being said, their food is fucking horrible
Cool opinion, Juan dela Cruz
t, filipino dad who refused to pay his wayWE SEE YOU DONG
As long as they stay on their fucking Islands, who the fuck cares. The ones we got in North America need to be flung back in the water though.
Gross. By the time you come back your dick would've rotten off from all the STDs.
Not to /pol/ but other boards. A white woman will FUME over the asian race once they see their ex dating one of them. Trust me
The quality of women changed a whole lot. Older gen women tend to have better family values than the current gen ones.could be from their country being westernized as opposed to their southeast asian neighbours whose family values are still intact.
No that’s Thailand
kek
philippinos are easily the niggers of asialess violent due to their small stature but into rap, dumb as rocks, and street fashion shitThe mainly work as nurses, tech guys and maintenance staff Still better than spics and blacks in the USA
Not so sure about that. There are plenty of light skinned Filipinos and the DNA didn't just appear out of thin air.
you love to see itfalling for the "marry your mum" memeyour mum literally left your dad in her 'sclick on
asians have the lowest STD rates in Americacope
Seethe. Your race is dying. All we literally have to do is sit back, relax and watch your kind kill yourselves. Lmao
as opposed to their southeast asian neighbours whose family values are still intact.dude...
Automotive tech, not computer techVery few make it into top tier universities. Their women also have a high % of single moms and struggle to land white males (chinks cornered that market)
Its the women who do all the work there. Or go overseas and send all the money home for the lazy fuckers to mooch off.
niggers of asiaonly people in asia that have european blood?????? what did leaf mean by this?
More or less. The more "educated" types also seem to have a huge pompous attitude as well. The difference though is the whole saving face culture is huge in the Phils where ever you go. Duterte's party is leftwing populism but without the globalist faggotry, trannys for instance only make it from prostitution or entertainment; nothing like the western world. He only wants his people to live well and free from drugs.Can you really blame hapas though? I mean I'm one of those dreaded hapas but no one in my family is Jewish so I won't go on a homicidal rampage.I have heard of horror stories where men who married flip women and wanted to live in a comfy beach house had their plans sabotaged because the women didn't want to be known as "provincial girls"; to them it's like calling them niggers.
U never heard of condoms?
Easily the lowest quality group of people, aka the niggers of asia. In fact american rappers have often called women from that region the black girls of asia
this, filipino men are extremely lazy. My neighbor makes his wife mow the lawn, wash his car, do the yard work etc etc could probably fuck her if she wasn’t  tbqh
I'm not taking about Asians in America. Cope more.
It’s really minimal. Light skin cis actually a normal trait of Austronesians. Many moros has really pale skin despite being out of Spanish influence their whole history because of strong resistance.Probably the only kind of people there with self respect. Shame they deviated from their hindu/buddhist-influenced Islam
my neighbour makes his wife do all the housework! omg how lazyguys why does my wife want BBC, i even mowed the lawn and did the dishes for her!KEK
 You fell for the seething roastie meme, there are NO women on /pol/ and the ones who claim to be women are really men. And its more than just "lel" no girls on the interbutts, /pol/ literally has nothing to offer holes. They don't get simp emotional support, they don't get alpha sexual attention, and they're on the wrong side of any fights they start here. From a hole perspective this scene is deader than a Bar Mitzvah at Auschwitz.
What a waste of perfect numbers. Wait no, im going to take that  and  and give them to someone who wants to do good!YOINK!May god be with youMay god be with us all!
Lol stop making it sound like they're all hapas. Probably / or their population has any European blood.
What does height matter? Everyone in Sweden is tall and they're all weirdo pussys.
specifically in dotaFuck off zoomer.
AIDS Registry in the Philippines reported , cumulative cases since .The most recent CDC HIV Surveillance Report estimates that , new cases of HIV were diagnosed in the United States in , a rate of . per , population. This rate is a decrease from the previous year's estimates, which indicated , new infections and a rate of . per , population.inb we test more!!!top kek
you are a litte obsessed with manlets mate, you named them twice
Whoops. I mashed that  into an . May god enjoy a tasty !May god be with us all!
maintenance staff so in other words janitors
?? last time i checked indonesians were still whipping their naughty women in public
Ever heard of Cambodians no one in my family is Jewish so I won't go on a homicidal rampage.Absolutely based post
mutt educationYou know about the whole spanish thing?
you wash your car because you take pride in it you faggot. Not everyone drives a vespa like you queer
See 
C O P E
Philippines :Ethnic Chinese who immigrated decades ago own most of the wealth.The lighter your skin, the higher your status and the greater your perceived beauty.(Just look at the miss world winners).Most people are catholic in name only, the women fuck like rabbits and the food is shit.White people are treated like gods.
Palendrone, inverse you position.Everyone in Sweden is Swedish size and the ladys have, uh, lady problems.May god be with the Swiss.May gos be with pewdiepie, that princely man!May god be with us all!
Based. Take this and go with god!May god be with us all!
Because you are even more disgusting usa woman. Blergh
yes fellow leaf, janitors.There's also a lot in the canadian army. A lot of their men have a macho attitude that doesn't quite translate to canadian society when they stand at '
Indonesians are about as nigger tier and they have no white blood. If anything that little bit of Spanish gives Flips a slight boost.
They literally have a caste system, you retard.
can't get STDs if your dick's too small to go in a cunt
language made up from generations of colonizersrace of rape babiesshortuglyextremely low IQdespite all of this, they are extremely nationalistic and arrogantblame everyone else for their low IQ mistakes, specifically in dotatallest person in the country is likely ’worse eating habits than the Chinesebloody americans can only ever talk about themselves.
Oh yeah Malays and Aceh Indos are kinda based but they are Muslims so that makes sense. I’m talking about the mainlandAnd to be fair non-city girls are fairly conservative
imagine hating people who serve for your countryheavy lad, ISRAELGEN
 Well most amateur historians on /pol/ think that any country occupying another is a non-stop rape party. They envision pantless spaniards raping flip bitches while the rest of the flip women line up for their daily raping while the husbands seethe in their huts. Obviously every flip is half-Spanish by now, look how long those saucy conquistadors occupied the country!
And?
Rigged
cambodia, laos, vietnam, muh sex tourism capital of the world thailandna Philippines is the nigger region thoChang, you will never conquer those islands, ever. It's the only Island in the region you've never conquered.
Nationalism is the peasant's last hold-on-to
Because i must ATCHOOOOM and COOOOOM everywere. Then we gtfo but at least your baby will be better planning the future.
leaf, a flip janitor in canada is probably earning  times more than a fucking doctor there
language made up from generations of colonizersrace of rape babiesshortuglyextremely low IQdespite all of this, they are extremely nationalistic and arrogantblame everyone else for their low IQ mistakes, specifically in dotaNigger that's us too
do you think they magically went from blick natives to whiter than the average american from embracing god?
Success breeds jealousy.
Honest question: what would you do tomorrow if your trash stopped being collected indefinitely?
they have the best ladyboys
Last I heard that faggot was seeking closer ties with China, but if I'm misinformed then that's pretty based
Failipinos are based
if the spanish were there long enough to give filips half of their language then they were definitely there long enough to have a genetic impact. what do you think is going to happen when a group of horny sailors who haven’t seen a woman in months would do if he sees some  foot tall filipina wearing nothing but a banana leaf bra
 I'm sorry that my great ancestors raped your ancestors Juan Pedro but you really need to get back to mowing my fucking lawn.
Before or after Duterte? Could've been druggies who were killed by his death squads kek
make nice half breeds tho
Do you had any gramps who where months in the sea? I had one. He fucked all his sons and daughters. Marinos can be a some weird kind of people if they lack instrocpection. Months without the presence of a female or acces to one must do some serious shit to your braindick.
You opinion is very important to us, Western Philippines.
Kill all these insect-faced dwarves. With fire.
I'm irish
There's no white people there to organise anything, see it all over the world.
One janitor at my previous job actually had a PhD in medicine but couldn’t qualify for a position like that here, and earned more as a janitor either way. He went back and started his own pharmaceutical company with the capital he saved.It’s kinda sad that so many of them have to resort to this. The problems surrounding the Philippines is a deep rabbit hole of toxic political culture taking the worst of Hispanic and American politics.
Lol. Thanks for throwing in the towel, you just completely lost any credibility you might've had.
that man in the picture looks like a monkey
Take it somewhere that’s not directly in front of my property where I eat and sleep
Specially women. Got a half filipino half venezuelan chick in my degenerate years....I still coom to this day.
Filipinos are the most sensitive bunch of cunts Ive ever met, also they do not understand sarcasm and will immediately be insulted at the slightest banter
 Yeah I know, the grass skirted whores would just line up on the dock and present for every sailing crew that passed and happily present their husbands with their rapebaby crotchfruit in a ceremony of thankfulness  months later. I mean you can't take a walk as a sailor in an asian country without a whore falling on your dick. Why in my navy days, at least  chinks fell on my dick one after the other in Taiwan and I have last  rapebabies working hard to bleach the Taiwanese into permanent happa status as we speak.
Funny that, then they definately raped em. ;)Also your cousins will never get Ulster back.
im only talking about woman lol, but yeah no matter what they mix with it can turn out amazing- black, white, brown its all good
Half their language? Have you ever heard Tagalog spoken? Sounds tongue clicking.
I'd burn it like I used to.
they are extremely sensitive about their height and go to massive lengths to cope
Not really. It was mostly friars who were in charge of the authority next to a local elite. Philippines wasn’t as easily accessible as the New World and the voyage was so long so very few spainards ever bothered going there, especially with all the diseases they suffered that the locals were immune toThat’s why I can’t really consider them spics because they still have more in common with Indonesians than Mexicans, despite similar names, folk music, and some food. Their political culture however is very similar, that’s why it’s such a shitshow
It might've happened, but no where's near the scale it happened in America. Spanish probably learned their lesson.
his hands are tied, if he accepts US help he knows that eventually the phillipines will come to accept our homo jewish exportsbut with chinese help he will lose territory
Ukraine is Russian clay, cockhole
USA is Israeli estate, mutt
That’s what they do and it end up infront of someone else’s property
Did you know that an average American nigger has -% of European blood? Doesn't make them any less nigger.
Actually just Happy Land in Manila, pop ,, and Payatas QC, pop -,Those are the epicenters of Reuters and Al Jazzera poverty pornThere are surely other shitty places but these are the worst.
Also some based Filipino pirates fought under Andrew Jackson in New Orleans
Theyre alright. I backpacked through some of the philipines and while not very smart the people are friendly. poorfag backpacker and everyone still have friendly and helpfuleven the old people speak Englishdidnt get robbed once even though i was blind drunk every nightgot my hand split when a flipfucker amerimutt couldnt handle the bantz(tm) and the hospital sewed it back up in like mins and cost me like $aud even with a course of antibiotics and anti-inflammatories unlike thailand (shithole) where the hospitals wouldnt even take in ythate chinks
Muttland is much worse than Russia though.
Asians themselvestrue i'm asian and the sin of most asian men is not realizing that they are uglythey should commit suicide to liberate their slightly less ugly female counterparts
I'm half flip, but got  Luck and am tall and am attractive enough to mate with girls I meet without too much effort. They think I'm Italian. Sucks because hapa has a bad reputation but as a mutt you can't worry what people think about you or you'll go full supreme gentleman. Wasn't my choice so no point in dwelling
i love my filipino friends
cuck
Hes complaining about things only a flip would know. You're right.
got my hand split when a flipfucker amerimutt couldnt handle the bantz(tm)top lel story?
Let me tell you a thing about filipino here in Italy.They all works and they have the lowest of any other ethnicity, includiing italians.
They also claim catholic to try and trick people to trust them so that they can scam people
I, as an Englishman, would like them to have Ulster back, they're an embarrassmentthey're to the rest of the UK as Filipinos are to other East Asians
despite all of this, they are extremely nationalistic and arrogantWhy do jews always try to convince us being nationalistic is a bad thing I wonder?
filipinos are based desu.
The company I work for opened an office in the Philippines about three years ago so we’ve had to deal with them. They really are the stupidest people I’ve ever had to deal with. Even the most cucked lefties in my office have talked about how generally useless they all are at following simple instructions and performing basic tasks yet they still act like they’re god’s gift to the world. Being forced to work with them on a daily basis would redpill the most leftarded anti-racist after a year.
language made up from generations of colonizersrace of rape babies shortuglyextremely low IQdespite all of this, they are extremely nationalistic and arrogant blame everyone else for their low IQ mistakes, specifically in dota tallest person in the country is likely ’worse eating habits than the ChineseThat describes America pretty accurately.
claimmost churches per capitia east of Russiaits not a lie. Imagine hating the only Christian country in Asia, what the fuck? Kike scum.
they're mocking you, call them out and they will shit themselves. They are using the fact you think they are dumb against you in order to literally cuck you. Shame you literally get outplayed by jungle asians.
boiled in boy urine
worse eating habits than the chineseit's a fucking literal pickled chicken eggayyyy lamo kike got us all again
Imagine getting scammed by low iq people
They are using the fact you think they are dumb against you in order to literally cuck you.What on earth are you talking about?
Syria . -' "Settle down there mubarak.
Filipinos are the dumbest race of non niggers I have ever met. Their islands are covered in garbage. Their language is jabbering. Their diet consists of rice, lumpia and ponset noodles doused in fish sauce. People there have like  kids that all live in a one room hut with animals below it. Their men are violent, retarded gang bangers. Their women are pig faced midgets and are some of the ugliest and most ignorant specimens found on the planet. These people were only allowed to survive to be a slave people.
These are men in there s that havent ever experenced female affection. On of these roasties just has to be nice to them and smile and suddenly they're in love. Its truely a cancerdrunk with mgo to bar to get drinkstypical sexpat looking ameriburger ie beer gut balding chinlet but pretty tallcant remember conversation very well but he asked me if i got any free ones i said i benised a girl from argentina he said he was talking about local girls and then joked about him looking like a flipfucker and asked him if they were really horizontaltried to glass me but i kind of caught it with the outside of my hand then he left when i was laughing at himwoke up at the hostel with blood all over bed and left before they could charge me extra

Poor reading comprehension skills. You’d understand more when you look at their compulsory curriculum which puts  emphasis on analysis of text.
tfw same and married an Italian A boppity boppity panset spaghetti
plastic rice provides much needed roughage and essential inks
You hate them because you don't have a president as based as Duterte
you seem to think the collapse of whites will lead to the filipino world order, bad news
So I was fucking this half white and half Filipino girl last year. She mainly grew up more on the Filipino side and was explaining to me the types of dishes they had. She told me what a "balut" (the half grown egg that you see in threads photo), and was immediately turned off. After we finish doing what we planned, she dropped me off and I blocked her from everything. Never again. Whites or latinas only. May middle eastern.
Still better than spicst. midget cannibal
Filipinos are the most powerful race in the world and that's facts.
Absolutely based Straya cunt. More of these boomers should be ridiculedI’ll start to use that word
Can we please nuke the asian spic monkeys? They're a plague to society.
Fertilized duck egg is actually a fairly common meal around Asia, it’s just that Filipinos are somehow the most vocal about it for some reason. It’s not really a good thing to say to introduce someone to a cuisine. It’s like if a Chinese would boast about chicken feet dimsum or pork intestine noodles, which btw are really tasty, to a person who had never tried Chinese food before
gf is mutt Italianis this a thing? I do spend time worrying if my kids will be too alienated, but given the current state of affairs I don't think it's avoidable. As far as Filipinos, they're usually very kind and funny people, at least in the US.
Why them before London?
Kill yourself half-cock spic
Feel free to take London, too.
You only got one nuke...
can you help me, probably not cause you're retarded, right?yep, welp cyathese mutts are fucking retarded
Hello fellow muslim brother from the land of tea and crumpets long live the Londonistan
Definetly philippines then, wipes out x more degenerates because of the massive population.
Oh they have a brain. Where do you think cheap labour comes from
You literally live in a third world country. South Africa is legitimately a richer and more developed country than yours. You shouldn’t be laughing.
This is the correct answer and the best way to make sure trash collection restarts.
You want me to explain it for you moshe?
That's why we have guns.
They are kind of based to honest, more empathetic than other asians.
Im convinced /pol/ is a gateway between timelines and most of it is people talking to their counterparts. Not really but areyoume.jpg just be sure to homeschool you kids and they sould be fine anon. I was put through the meat grinder that was public school and struggled for a while with racial identity.
"To balance this state of affairs they try to convert the Hottentots and the Zulus and the Kaffirs and to bestow on them the blessings of the Church. While our European people, God be praised and thanked, are left to become the victims of moral depravity, the pious missionary goes out to Central Africa and establishes missionary stations for negroes. Finally, sound and healthy – though primitive and backward – people will be transformed, under the name of our 'higher civilization', into a motley of lazy and brutalized mongrels." - Hitler
what does that to do with your country’s description
Empathic. Also indonesians but some are creepa.
Would love to impregnate many young Pinay girls.
What if you only earned $.- a day through scavenging?How much funz can you afford with that?Btw the pic is of one of the  major scavenging communities so they naturally live among trash as it’s their livelihood.Most residential streets, even very poor ones, are generally very trash free, while streets where there’s mostly businesses and stalls is where there’s littering as nobody lives there. Also any water way and gutter is used as trashcan
 if the spanish were there long enough to give filips half of their language Literal retard
Covid is a lie
Yet you let ISIS capture entire fucking cities in your shithole country.
yeah, you're just adding to the coincidences. public school was a nightmare and I don't want to send my kids to literal state prison every day. I would love to homeschool, but does one partner do most of the schooling? love my gf, but I think she would not be the greatest educator. I'd like to have a hand but seems unrealistic if I'll be working full time
it is sad that people haven't figured that out yet, even after the riots were told to have not spread it
I had a Filipino male nurse take care of me while I was on my death bed. He was the happiest nicest person I’ve ever met. He rolled me over and cleaned me and picked up my shit with a smile on his face. He didn’t judge me and always checked on me after I moved out of his unit. Filipinos are alright
cities
How are you still here if you died
This a lie. Visiting that country, especially remote areas away from the capital, everywhere is full of trash and wood huts. It's disgusting.
Bro, the provinces is where there’s the least trash. The only province I was at where there was alot of trash was Tawi-Tawi, holy shit do they not seem to understand that plastic doesnt degrade in a matter of weeks
You'd both take part in the education but yeah, it'll be a full time job for the one not working, with you being more a supplemental source of knowledge at the end of the day when they tell you what they learned. Just gotta share the same set of principles/values with the mrs. You're probably going to have to teach her these beforehand unless you lucked out.
They put me on an experimental medical device to save me and I recovered
Nothing wrong with the pill if it's for third world countries.
Filipinos are savage killers in war tho. Read accounts during WW against Japan. Not to say this bunch will, but with the right guerilla training and help they could be a good force
How far did you even from the capital moshe?
You are right but don't mention height again, manlet
Good to know you survived fren
Dude read about Moros during WWIIthe samurai fear the moro
filipinos are tough people. a lot on the us try to act ghetto, but they are overall alright.
Is homosexuality a mental illness or a choice?
?????
You can't choose to have an illness?
Both.They choose to be mentally ill.
It's a choice mentally ill people make, which induces more mental illness I don't think there are any homos who were not sexually abused when they were young
Fetishism + autism + attention disorders
dude will go bald
I am just what G-d intended me to be, sweetie
I never chose anything
homosexuality is normal in nature faggotory is mental illnes
Yes.
I chose to fuck this dude's ass this one time, the booty muscles flexing was top tier but I felt kinda gay afterwards so chose to never do that again.
Vaccine induced or chemically induced by exposure to gender bending chemicals in plastics as infants.Its not their fault.
Homosexuality in the past has stemmed from trauma or as some kind of cope for being awkward or ignored. It is a mental illness.The illusion of choice is another cope to try and normalize this behavior. Younger people nowadays grow up thinking it is normal so they think it is a choice but it is really fags preying on the young and telling normal people everything is fine.
It is a choice. That's the part that fucks people up, you don't have to be gay to fuck boipussy because it is simply a decision you make.
Exposure to certain hormones in the womb is a big factor.
I don't know, lots of ancient cultures practiced homosexuality before Abrahamic religions became the norm. Probably choice with some biological and cultural influence.
Truth facthttps://www.nationalgeographic.com/news///-homosexual-birds-mercury-science/
A disease
Choice, there was a report few months ago that scientists found no proof of gene that makes people gay
There is A LOT of mental illness in the gay scene. Gay and crazy kinda just go together. Still I think a lot of kids you can tell are just fags and it's not their fault they'll grow up sucking dicks. When not crazy, the choice is just how far they're willing to delve into the degeneracy of the scene.
he went to the gym for only one thing
Or perhaps it is neither of those things.
Mental illness is a choice.
God I wish it were me.
More of him?
DUDE WILL GO BALD!AND IT WILL BE FUNNY AS FUCK.
Bill to BAN Democrat Party for Their History of Slavery
They won't do nothin. Just more drama for the play.
pedocrats did start the kkk
DEMOCRATS ARE THE REAL RACISTSnot me. i love niggers
You know, it just struck to me that it's almost as if the star of david is stamped onto the seats on the House's chairs...
star of davidcorrection: the sigil of satan.
Post black pills about the young generations growing up in the US

 in  men ages  to  years reported no sexual activity in the past yearwhy didn't they just take a shower and get a haircut?
More than nine in  Gen Z adults ( percent) said they have experienced at least one physical or emotional symptom because of stress, such as feeling depressed or sad ( percent) or lacking interest, motivation or energy ( percent).https://www.google.com/search?q=gen+z+depression+rates&oq=Gen+Z+depression+rates&aqs=chrome..l.jj&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-
Women are far more hypergamous than ever before. Even the average roastie expects to fuck Chad in her lifetime. Look at how these young girls worship e-boys. It's so fucking over for zoomer guys.
"The answer you give may indicate to psychologists how narcissistic you are. And on a societal level, the answer people give is changing. In , when adolescents were asked if they considered themselves important, only  percent answered affirmatively.  years later, that percentage had risen to .Narcissism is on the rise in modern Western societies and scientists are trying to figure out why. Some hypothesize that individual narcissism follows from the culture someone lives in: the more individualistic the culture, the more narcissistic people tend to be."Tell me about how important you are, anon. https://bigthink.com/design-for-good/your-culture-affects-how-narcissistic-you-are
I think it is purely due to the internet. My family got the internet really early (in  when it was not common to have yet), and I feel and see more similarities between myself and gen z's experiences than those of my own generation.
I got it in . It was good then. Now it is often mental programming, collective conditioning and thought control like TV.
I think a lot of studies aren't saying it, but I think the wealth gap has a lot to do with it. Upper class still has some semblance of morality and values. Meanwhile, the "middle class" is completely dead and has had the life blood sucked out from it.
Wealth inequality at all time highs. Two parent households are a thing of the past. Your mother is a glorified welfare queen and your father is a indentured servant to a system that does not care about anyone. https://rwer.wordpress.com////re-estimating-wealth-inequality-in-the-united-states/
Friendly reminder to all /pol/anons to not post in obvious shill demoralization threads.all fields
You mean just talk about reality? People on this board especially should try to be motivated, but they should also see the reality so they don't feel so confused.Most people are just fat defeatist anyways.
Black culture and white culture have both declined at almost equal ratesClearly they just poisoned their community with welfare and the world is just chewing people up. I used to be a huge fan of racial politics, but that just isn't reality. You can possibly blame the Jews, though. I don't entirely disagree with that assertion.
Clearly they just poisoned their community with welfareJust like in the Congo and South Africa and Haiti. If we only taught them fiscal conservatism their genes would suddenly become a non-factor.
Actually yes, you massive piece of shit. And it wouldn't have been "taught", we would have just not put the subsidies into their communities. Similar to developing third worlds.
How the hell is this demoralization? This is truth. You're the only shill here
A multi-racial nation is not worth preserving. If you want to keep this American experiment going out of goodwill for pic related, then you deserve your mulatto grandchildren. The perfect, deracinated, classical-libtard golem..
Post hand.
Social Media
"In ,  percent of men and  percent of women will be overweight or obese. Currently,  percent of men and  percent of women are overweight or obese (people who are overweight have a BMI of  to , people who are obese have a BMI of  or greater)."Why does obesity get all the attention?i'm underweight and hate it wish i was fat so that i wouldn't be such a weak faggot twink.
Exactly. Men not only have to do what is expected of them, but to raise themselves and be their own fathers. People need to know this stuff to have a more cohesive world view.Being fat has been proven to impair cognition. Don't get fat.
by fat you mean obese?
Now is the worst time to get into guns since the AWB
are the suburbs the reason why america went to shit?
aus/pol - Saturday afternoon edition
fuck victoria.
take the fucking vaccine
anyone get a text message talking about obligations?
Chips and gravy for lunch lads
Dannys annoucing level  lockdowns today
Snitzel burger and chips down at the local takeaway. They even give you a free dipping sauce of your choosing. Nice restaurant where you can eat in too
, another  boomers boomed.cold roast beef and potato gems, some afl and daily plea to please nuke us.t. pozzburnian
yeah, apparently from August th, it'll start returning
Korean Fire NoodleFuck me, it's hot.Gonna need a yogurt and a large glass of milk after this.
Fucking limp cockReal men eat thai hot curries and LOVE IT
Joshua (((Judenburg))) says we need more people!waaah young people need to breed more to grow the economy!Why can't they just settle down like we did?Who is going to pay for my pension?The only solution to the boomer problem is to gas them all.........And with that, it's time for the Daily Reminder that Boomers are scum and everything wrong with Australia.Let's hope the Boomerflu kills them all!It's also time for another Reminder that Unchecked Migration is Generational Genocide.
i dont like the zipperhead noodles, much prefer the classic indo noodles with some peanut butter and an egg fried in it. only eat it very rarely, coz its unhealthy as fuck.
Mate are you me,I told my Viet mates about adding peanut butter and they didn't believe me. I don't eat it often either
I DID IT ALL FOR THE NOOKIE
peanut butterSame here. Crunchy for me, and the good shit, not that salt reduced crap.The more unhealthy the better.
well, desu, those particular ones are satay, so it makes furpect sense to add some pb to it. I always chuck an egg in it just for the protein and to give it a bit of body.damn fucken straight, I get the homemade hippy stuff from the local nuts shop; not super sweet, I love it.
fuck off tranny
GIGANTIC AFRICAN VEINY DICKS SEEDING LUCIOUS JAPENESE VAGINASHENTAI RWANDIAN DICKS TIEING UP AND IMPREGNATING SCOTTISH ANUSESFAT NIGERIAN DICKS SWALLOWED BY MEXICAN MILFSBIG BLACK COCKBIMBO ON NIGGER DICKAFRICAN COCKCOCK COCK COKBIG SWEATY MULATTO COCK ON INDIAN FACECOCK COCKFUCKING LARGE AFRICAN COCK FUCKING EGYPTIAN TONSILSCOCKK
when does work for dole return?
Gonna have to keep the last pack of coon hidden away somewhere for a special occasion.

Where are you shit posting from? I'm at the pub have a frothyPic relatedGood times having beers Jew bashing on pol
Who's on the Jimbo cunts
i remember the pub...i'm not ok with these feels, man. in lockdown, so shitposting from home watching gayflt. melbourne
Channel  is the worst of the pack with this fear porn spamming. They literally get giddy with excitement talking about inevitable piles of dead and mass graves, and Totalitarian government
 more grannies diedOH NO SHUT IT DOWN LOL SO MUCH FOR A PANDEMIC
NSW next, then SA and QLD, then WA and Tassie/NT. All back in house arrest even worse than before. They only put an inch in our collective rectum last time, this time now we've been prepared they're going to put  or  inches in.Ad nauseum, until we're under complete Totalitarianism like . If we all didn't have shit for brains, and weren't so demoralized, we'd be storming parliament, manning barricades and fighting, or fleeing the country somehow while there is still time.
Im drunk and depressed already boys... i just want to fight for a nationalist revolution
That's shit mate, here in the west is normal. Apart from hand sanitizer going into the shops it's all good. Mark McGowan for the win but let's be real, this Jew virus, if its real is beyond control now and we may as well learn to live and die with it.
You and I both. I've taken to spreading the greatest story never told on thumb drive. Handed it out to  co workers so far,  of which are now spreading it too. Hitler for the win
Mate, this town I'm in now is a white haven. Besides a couple of chinks working at the fast food shop, it's all white. Haven't seen one non reflective yet. Might move here, houses are cheap too
I did that for our office Secret Santa
How do you approach that without scaring normies into thinking your crazy.... i recently started trying to convince my family the holocaust didnt happen and its hard but i def got them questioning it...

haven't spent much time over there, been to Perth and Mandurah, but thats it. fucken good toasties in Perth though, check out toastface grillah if you're in the city.
Well I'm pretty well known at work for being a smart cunt with my job so not many people question me about my views etc. They usually listen and I explain a few things on why I believe it then give them a few doco's to watch. My boss told me to stop Jew bashing though and I got in a.barny with him, told him to fuck off it's all facts and was far from anti-Semitic and yeah. All I got was a verbal warning about abusing fellow workers
Have a look at dongara. Fucking beautiful. Small town still with plenty of acreage, I'm only visiting for a wedding and bucks do but I like it so im tempted to move here. I've left my keys in the ignition of my car for two days now and accommodation open, nothing gone missing
Excellent work bruce
absolutely based mate
I'll try that place out, I'll be in Perth come Monday. Mandurah is nice but full of methys. This place is way to clean to have blacks here too
WHERE ARE MY WAGIES AT?tfw  hour into a  hour shift
Dongara, yeah nice.Maaaaannnndra is cursed with a lovely harbour etc, but the abos and the junkies are fucked. got shitfaced at the irish pub there, who'd a known there were so many based irish pikey lads? and there's a Spur Restaraunt too, it's a Saffa chain, so I was dead surprised to see that
Thanks mate, glad I can please. I was % being anti-Semitic though I fucking hate those cockroaches. Their women look like a.half eaten pasty too so not even a good looking box to put my load in
Whats the job situation like out there?
I'm a wagie, took my annual leave though so got  weeks off now. Normally do week on week off and . hour daysCheers man. I'll have to revisit that place. You'll be surprised mate, I've only just started being openly racist and anti-Semitic and a lot of like minded people but it's just a shit topic to talk about, gets everyone involved angry about the way of life these days but they're out there.In fact, my missus fucking hates coons and slowly turning her on the jew, she was mobbed by a few of the local oval dwellers the other night, beat the shit out of her and stole her purse and shoes. I Told her to stay away from those coons but didn't listen, said she had to for her job.Pic related, one of our convos. I was a proud man that day
My gaycunt boss said I have to work an extra hour a day for no more pay and that I have to keep my phone in a locker at all times. The fucking gay cunt isn't even paying me out of his pocket, he is doing a dodgy job keeper claim for me and the other employees.Quitting on Monday lads, do I be a good bloke and give him a month notice, or do I ghost him?
They have Cray fishermen, a bit of oil and gas work plus it's close to Geraldton. Next year they're starting construction in a mineral sands plant and oil and gas from what I've heard. So there will be heaps of job in next few years. Very least will be able to buy a cheap block and sell for a profit or rent out or holiday home it for touristsAll white
I'm on disability pension for schizophrenia anxiety and depression I get a nice  a week and don't have to work it's just I basically have mind cancer
Report him to the ATO and then be an inside angent then ghost him, take sick leave for mental health. It's the easiest one to get bulk sick days. I make sure to have my  sickys a year
an extra hour a day for no more payHow is that legal?
stuck in melbourne lockdown for a month nowLET ME OUT LET ME OUT LET ME OUT
when have jsps ever found someone work?
sounds like he is rorting jobkeeper and forcing his employees to work extra hours because they are getting  bucks a week from jobkeeper so the boss believes he is entitled to make them work enough hours to make up  bucks. Highly illegal and if you report him it will be investigated. There are heaps of articles about this. They're cracking down on this big time
how hard is it to start a JSP?
Mates this guy said he will bash me if I dont get him a packet of durries
Don't do it. I fell for that once and while he was gone he fucked my gf. Pic related. Just take the beating like a man.
Tough break mate, schizophrenia is a bastard of an illness, hopefully you can find some treatment whether it be medication or not that will be beneficial and get you well enough to get into the workforce. Don't give up the fight How the fuck do you get  a year? Most people get  as the national employment standards outline as the minimum. Even then the accountant tries to be sly and take it out of my annual leave not sick leave Our industrial relations suck here, I guess I can tell him we aren't working under his gay conditions and that we are bargaining an enterprise agreement, but he isn't too bright, he isn't comprehending that .- isn't regular work hours and that we have a  hour work week in Australia. Probably just gonna ghost the cunt, don't have enough employees to go down the enterprise agreement route effectively Any of you lads go work going anywhere in South Sydney?
give it to him bro... last thing we need right now is another emu war
Lucky man, may you be blssed by many reflective babies
Nah, I was working full time and earning over $ before, he just made me work  hours a week for a month to claim job keeper, then put me back on full time afterwards and the government is footing the bill for his salaries. I had a full time contract like everyone else, I should have told him to fuck off then, but I was naive and thought the extra money in the business would trickle down to us, but here we are, having to work an extra hour a day for the same pay, even though the government is footing % of our salaries Might give the union a call if he carries on at work on Monday, I can just be a dumb cunt and fuck our work output with safety breaches until I find a new job
Get  months sick leave and  week's annualleave every year. Plus I can get days carers leave. I work for Rio Tinto, so being a Jew company I exploit everything and shut down the plant willy Nilly to cost them tonnes. Cost them$. million in down time the other week by just being a cunt, logging into the PLC and tripping out the HV. Fuck arsed around for a few hours before I reset it. Good timesOnly and emu, it's them cassowarys you have to look out for. My neighbour has a horny emu that trys fucking everyone
Hes said he going to bury me here in unmarked grave when I fall asleep next guys i am going to be awake till Wednesday he already knows im near the bush track
ATO that prick, I was grinding my teeth reading your situation ; stuck in a similar postion months ago. Don't play fair, the cunts doing the dodge so boar it up the cunt.
she's a keeper, i'm sorry to hear she got attecked, she ok?
maybe hes just messing around he seems pretty hostile but maybe its just the heatstroke
dude why is she so close to that fucker. we had emu farms around here and those bastards kick like a fucking velociraptor
tfw its only been . weeks
this. The ATO will absolutely ream his arse. They are so keen to fine cunts at the moment to recoup corona costs.
gumtree are so ugly, why couldn't australia be covered in oaks or connifers
She she's alright, just Few bruises. At least they didn't try rape her good news is that her hate towards them is very solid now
just imagine if she accidentally had the camera flash on, that fucker would go nuts and start kicking and stomping the shit out of her
I envy you, might go down the heavy industry route. I've been private sector light industry and had nothing but drama at work Fuck, completely forgot he is illegally employing a foreign visa holders as well. Like did a dodgy ABN and got a visa extended for the person for "rural work" or whatever that you can extend that backpacker visa with. I might just bash him to be honest, he is trying to make me clock in and clock out, even though I am on a salary and don't get paid over time
You lads swallowed the gympill yet?
I might just bash himISHYDDT. This will fuck you over and he'll take you to court and you'll get a criminal record and he'll get off scot free and anything you claim will appear to be shit talking. Submit the ATO tip off with your story
How the fuck does someone get that much sick leave a year? Its more than your annual leave lmao
Id probably report and then ghost
HAHAHA that fucking file is gold. Thank you auschad
I try. I'm too cripple to get anywhere though.ive broken my back, leg, arm, elbow. dislocated should and elbow. More. concussions than I can count, I would guess around the  mark. Apart from being in shape and relatively healthy, I'm always in pain. It has its perks, I like the rosters.  days a week is fucked. Much prefer to do long hours and long stints and have more quality time doing what you love. Me my love is Jew bashing and spreading the word. People on the floor and good cunts but generally speaking supervisors and above are the biggest ass kissing cunts about. Never loyal and constantly lie to you. I'm one of the most loyal cunts about and nothing I hate more is unloyalty. I punch a female coon start of the year too sticking up for my fellow white man. He was a typical skinny Geek with coke bottles getting pushed around by  of them. I sorted that shit out and the little cunt didn't even thank me
I would just bait him into a fist fight which he would loose since I'm pretty handy, wouldn't actually assault him in an act of thuggery Probably just going to ghost him, if things have gotten to the point at work where I am talking to someone on an internet forum about why my boss is a shit cunt that I am going to hit him with a couple combos, I might as well save me the sore hand and him the sore head and just not rock up on Monday and block his phone number
Rio Tinto mate, of you are on good terms you can get over a year off sick for terminal illnesses. One bloke I worked with had a dodgy heart and needed a transplant, they gave him two years sick leave and them made him redundant because of how he came.out of surgery. Was pretty fucked up but can't help but laugh.Went in for his transplant New heart too weak to keep him aliveAmputated both legs to help heart
based, keep up the good work
lmao poor cunt. Hope he's enjoying the dsp neet life now.
Im in one of the og hotspots, so I was stuck  weeks ahead of the bigger lockdown. Cunts fucked. Can't even remember how long this malarkey is meant to go on for.
Gumtrees are our native IED's.
can't even remember how long this is meant to go on forMate, it's forever. We aren't allowed to go outside anymore coz we are plague rats.
how long until wfd returns?
I know, I've been off work on jk since march or whenever. Really thinking of changing industry's and being a yr old st year apprentice, if there's even any apprenticeship s going
You just have grass is greener symptom, I live in an area with lots of oaks, maples, and pine trees, and I think your fauna looks cooler.
Melbourne is just too bent now; I own a flat,in a normal world i whould put everything into storage and just piss off os for a few months, but now o can't even leave the fucken state!
Poor uni cuck detected
joking, right? every household has  minute noodles in them. I'm not rich, I'm doing ok under these circumstances...but nasi goreng is god-tier easy food.
Why does the ABC treat the budget as some sort of nothingburger (unlike convid , which is a true nothingburger) when a huge deficit will lead to cuts to the ABC
Same boat mate. And now my house has nigger mould in it. Can't flee and can't stay. Are you even allowed to go out and look for jobs?
More of a Campbell's minestrone can of soup fan
Obbiously im joking. But migoreng is notorous uni staple. Try nongshim
That is some of the funniest shit I have watched
Ive been in my industry for nearly  years. I can utilise my tickets pretty easily in a few different other fields, but its just changing at my age. I'm not sure im mentally up for it.
Rock paintings now worth more than the mona lisa.Why can't we just move the rocks?Why can't we just move the aborigines? https://www.abc.net.au/news/--/nyiyaparli-paintings-indigenous-cultural-heritage-saved-mining/
mandurah is a shit hole. I lived there for  years. rampant corruption. do not go to the local hospital under any circumstances. if you have to, tough it out and go to rockingham general or elsewhere.local catholic school put a new fountain out the front and did up the staff bathroom whilst the kids don't have any hand soap or hot water in their toilets.
Im half cut right now, not picking up on subtlety. Nongshim is good though, youre not wrong about it being a uni staple,its where I developed my love for it, and all the fun ways you can fuck with it
I operated some touring gigs at the Mandrah arts centre. Not a terrible venue, all things considered. Good local crew too.
yeah, because that's the affluent white bit.
You get out of here! Its only like this cos we keep outsiders out.
I heard the horror stories at the Irish pub chatting with the cunts there.
fuck these restrictions are gay
Fuck I want to meet some chicks.
potential fraudDo these basketball-americans not know im on jobkerper
Fuck I want to have a beer at the pub
I look forward to killing bugmen with you guys
go to supermarket wearing pic relateda few looks from other peoplethey can't say shit they're all wearing bits of paper on their face
) what is that?) how much does it cost?) where can i get one?
I went to the supermarket in a Respirator from work and everyone freaked out and was taking photos.Fuck them, they are unsafe.
Me tooMe too!
Take the Scottmask pill, mate
Just nutted to a few videos of a bunch of antifa faggots getitng king hit
Based
never for DES Chads
the tide is starting to turn here in FatLand. a poll recently came out and BLM is now viewed unfavorably amongst a majority of white people. a month ago it was like % support.Australian and American govts are meeting at a high level next week (Pompeo/Esper and Payne/Reynolds). I think we're going to turn up the heat big time on the chinks and the consulate stuff is only the beginning. good luck brahs, we're all gonna make it
Fuck the chinks
When are Australians going to demand the Victorian state government get a budget cut as punishment for fucking up the countries economy?
Ausfags
yeah what cunt?

Might buy some gold lads, reckon it is still on the way up?

Use a diversity of tactics to make non-whites feel unwelcome.
is everyone watching the Portland streams?Shit is popping.Looks like some video game or a failed state, not the USA
link, is it still austin?
He should be careful wearing that mask. The kids he molested might recognise him.
it seriously has nothing to do with the BLM protest just  weeks (the gestation peroid) before.please don't blame guilty white liberals and our insignificantly tiny african population for the coming mass die off in Australia
no idea what you mean my austin thread therelol
if you're white, you can comment. but we need to see eye and hand. otherwise, the onus is on yur to prove you're not a mutt
austinzone, ok, his streams are kino
The USA was a failed state the second those bleeding heart y*nk poofs let the agricultural equipment loose
How degenerate is my room
Because they are pushing MMT now to bring in universal basic income and neo-feudalism, which was the true purpose of the virus scare.
Buy silver if you are going to buy PM.
ex boyfriends room
beatlesboomer/
still asking your parents for money at  pilled
Accidentally tore half a mole off today. If I get cancer can I get cenno?
The mrs bought beef ribs instead of pork ribs accidentally, pretty gutted tbqhfampaiAlso friendly reminder that every single western nation is capable of treating airsoft and gel blasters as toys with no damage to society, yet australia regulates them as literal firearms because they havent had to deal with voting age adults that will call them out on it. No longer, losers.A vote for QLD labor is a vote for communismA vote for QLD labor is a vote for tranny childrenA vote for QLD labor is a vote for attacking small businesses during an economic crisis and making WATER GUNS illegalYou have to be a cuckhold to vote this loser in
Wait until they run out of food in a few months.
bought a cute new throw pillow
Voting is for fags. The conservatives conserve nothing and the left will keep on chipping away till they get what they want. Hang the lot of them I say.
all of that beatlesWew. Also it looks more like an art hoes room desu, dudes are more neat than the birds these days
Yeah thats a likely scenario, thanks cunt. Voting doesnt change the establishment itself but it does change the superficial puppets and surface level issues. Increasing freedom while negating communism is a step in the right direction.
Mad invite
Its been to long
No ya didn't cunt
Thank fuck the British colonised Australia
Based and djleathalpilled
Nothing important is settled at the ballot box. The major changes are done regardless of what the public want. Voting is letting you have permission to rearrange the chairs on a sinking ship and thinking you have control over where the boat is going. You don't.
I live around the corner from the mosque in Victoria and now the local kfc is infected as well. Everyone here is probably carrying it.
No flavour and halal. Hot though.
I am sure sitting at a screen larping about a revolution does wonders though
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OiAJZPVk&feature=youtu.behilarity
time for you to man up aussies and start sending us your minerals
buy some of these
I hear that the US is in the market for some rare earth metals
Like the taste, far too hot, but at least the noodles are large. I can't stand those skinny ones.Took three yogurts to get over it today.I still have a  pack of nuclear noodles to go.
deep recessionhahahdepressionwait til housing prices crash and interest rates are forced uphahahaha
how bad is it that in the last  years or so that sky news has become the voice of reason here. fucken clown world.
can I get some love for the Bloods? need some energy
those are fine for acoustics but they can damage the neck of a heavier electric guitar by screwing up the angle/tension of the neck.
There won't be one. We're fucked.
I've never thought of that and I've always been to lazy to put them up. Thanks for that.
They still push the scamdemic though. At least they leave their comments section open.
They can hold interest rates low for quite a long time if need be
I'm in melbourne and I haven't gotten laid since march when the brothels closed, I'm losing my will to live.
chop your dick off and call yourself susan you degenerate faggot
Good, one dead Melbournian is a victory, ten million dead Melbournians is a statistic.
My team at work is undermanned, have  when we need Keep pestering management for our thBut anon you're getting everything done on time :)This has gone on for  fucking months and they aren't even LOOKING for a fifthWorked :AM to :PM yesterdayGot homeGot a shift notification starting at :AM todayRefused to do itWent to bedWoke up to Emails along the lines of REEEE HOW COULD THIS HAPPEN WE HAVE NOBODY ELSE WHO CAN COVER THIS SHIFFT YOU HAVE TO DO IT YOU MAY BE FACING DISCIPLINARY ACTIONWhat the fuck has happened to employment in this country. Why does every employer think we should bend over backwards to kiss their ass when they give nothing in return?
threadly reminder to get a gun lads. we're circling the abyss while the nogs and muslims are better armed than you.how to get your bangshttps://www.firearmownersunited.com/how-to-get-your-firearm-license-state-by-state/The Aus /k/ google doc of knowledge.https://docs.google.com/document/d/_hgxcWscrZuRuvqJR-MtdTrLytGHxlPdiaVhE/editOptics guidehttps://docs.google.com/document/d/bCXGJXCT_CPuZSAJuOPHziodrRwaHeNLrWg
Wont happen because unemployment will cause a weird parity.If % of the nation is unemployed rent will adjust.If however you have a safe secure high paying job next  years will be boom times for you.
mate, us mexicans are all in the same boat. wank heaps and just fucking deal with it. sex with rando asian chicks isn't the barometer of success. get your shit together.
That looks like something that would be plugged into a electric socket before inserting into nostrils as a weird form of death
There are plenty of Indian migrants who will do a lousy job if you won't, plus we can sell them a house too.
get your shit together.i live alone i have no gf or friends, the only joy i had in my life was touring australia with my wd and i can't even do that, i can't even leave home. I'll probably neck myself soon
Fucking hell what do you do? My work has been running on a skeleton crew up until recently and it was fucking shit. The worst part about it is that theres so much to do that people start taking shortcuts here and there that are somewhat reasonable. Management thinks thats the norm and then pushes more fucking work, thinking we can handle it. Legit taking the piss at this point
Were you the anon who ran out of food at your bugout location?
cheer up Susanim sure things will improve soon
but it'll be all worth it because some  year old cock sucker that's already lived his life can live a few more weeks
If I was  years old I'd be really pissed if we didn't destroy civilization so I could die of the flu in  months time.
work cover for mental and physical exhaustion seek legal advicescrew them over
Logistics. And all this Covid shit has massively increased our workload, we're busier now than we were over Christmas, when we went up to  people initially because the Christmas load was too much, had one leave just after.And now these cunts are saying we're planning to go into the next Christmas period with only  people in my team, when it's projecting to be -% busier than last Christmas.It's fucking retarded, and this isn't the only company I've seen do it. In Australia, employers actively punish people for having anything resembling a work ethic. No wonder this country is going to the dogs.
no, I don't believe that for a sec.so you're alone, so am I.shoot a proton email, I'll reply.
Friend of mine works in Health in Melbourne.She told me the biggest spreading Vector of COVID isn’t Just Nursing homes- it’s illegal prostitutes.Particularly ‘Asian students’ they aren’t resident so can’t get job keeper, but continue to work as hookers and are simply running Illegal brothers from private rented homes and dodgy hotels that are meant to be shut but Chinese owned.They have been advertising online then moving house every several days.Health know it’s happening, but can’t keep in front of it and they know of  suspected workers they can’t find they think have infected over  people each. That’s right, over  cases of COVID in Melbourne have been from private hookers.
Ask not what your country can do for you, but what you can do for Boomers. If we don't stop them from dropping like flies, there's bound to be a colossal crash in the real estate market, and as that's the only thing keeping us from becoming a third world nation overnight, you'll be a good boy, put on the mask, and been seen and not heard.
Don't you love how you have to give two weeks notice to quit, but they can fire you at anytime?
Seems to be par for the course. Any extra work you do becomes expected and management think that slashing wages makes them economic geniuses.
Some of the melbourne posters will be disappointed as they thought the brothels were closed.
Lmao, sounds like a toastie roastie seething that chinks are hoovering up white men's attention because no one's interested in feasting on her roast beef soggy sandwich. The majority of Australian hookers are white women, but that never crossed her hampstering mind.
same man, in ITwe're shedding people at the moment due to pressure/thankless boss and none are getting replaced. We were a busy crew with  and we're down to  now. I want to nut out the last  years so I can take long service leave and consider my options but every week it gets worse so nfi if ill last that long
Any extra work you do becomes expectedYeah, it's this exactly. They push until failure, no matter how absurd their demands are. It's not even a good business policy from a monetary perspective because failure costs money. A lady I work (or worked) with quit yesterday. She wasn't with our company, but with a company we contract to, basically the leader of my teams counterpart. She just said fuck this, I'm not dealing with this shit anymore.Tell management we're regularly working  hour days and most of us haven't worked less than  days in any single week for nearly  months, with split shifts - times a weekGet a vague assurance they're looking for new peopleCheck local employment listingsThey aren't advertising
Get yourself shin ramen instead. Not quite as hot but way better tasting
this is life now. At least until war comes
now iphone design AND build by stong INDIANS, how do u feel witeboi?
I'm white. Now go clear out a bugman so I can have his apartment, ya cunt

Sanpaku eyes. Are you terminally ill?
. The majority of Australian hookers are white women,Unequivocally false. Even more false (if possible) when applied to illegal privates
I've had them before.There's a Korean supermarket in town that sells a huge variety. I try to get different ones all the time to try them all, but the ones with seaweed are fucking dreadful.Volcano was a fucking ring stinger too.
Ah good, Optus should get early access to them then
looks like the room of my mate that I had to stop hanging out with because all he did was schizophrenic-ally ramble and smoke weed
The floor is your ash tray
yes my brother. once you stop crying. but there will be a home for you here.based swans won tonight
Sanpaku means three whites. I only have two. But shit I don't know, probably terminally ill. Nothing excites me or gets my energy up to a normal level anymore.
welcome to the world of high unemployment, and we're still importing heaps of cunts to keep the GDP looking noice. subpar wages, conditions and plenty of threats of unemployment if you don't do more for less.
Hey big bros, can anyone give me a QRD on Marise Payne? Are you lot trusting her to stand up to the the commies?
You look like a male version of Brittany Venti. You're a mongrel, "white" by American standards, yet likely % European dna at best.
https://news.com.au/news/world/washington-post-settles-with-us-teen-over-defamation-after-protest-encounter-goes-viral-c-
Post eye cunt. My family tree is completely white. Can you say the same, Mr. McFannigan?
Doubtful, I've met plenty of white Australian women that confide it's the slant eyes causing all the problems with white men when it comes to dating and sex. In truth they're just envious there are qualities lacking due to certain emancipations they shan't rescind over their Eastern competition.
Where to find hookers though, Locanto and skokka are filled with spam.
i saw a nice hooker before shutdown I'm spewing I didn't get her number, probably never see her again
whiteLmao, imagine being so mutted you have no appreciable connection to any heritage. You aren't Irish, Anglo, Scottish, German, Greek, you're just "white", and if it weren't for that skin tone you'd pass as African due to your mongrel morphology.
lolyou get the rope when they day comes, you do know that??
like the ability to drive (poorly)
The original word was "American". My heritage is the best and brightest from Europe coming together to escape the brilliant culture ofWOT? YOU'RE FROM THE OTHER SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN? YOUR DIALECT IS SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT?! YOU WORSHIP JEWS ON A DIFFERENT WEEKEND DAY?! WAR FOR ALL ETERNITY!They left behind the meaningless boundaries which arose as accidents of history and divided people who all evolved as Europeans. They forged the world's first pan-European ethnicity and identity complete with its own homeland.God's chosen and Jesuits of course couldn't have that, so they muddied the water immediately with slaves, and the term white was born as a result.
kekfucking wild animals have far better instincts, awareness and reflexes than the majority chinks
real menthai
I'd be wary of any country whose national past time is kicking each other in the head.
Any ideas on what the cenno  jobs a month deal is?How do they even know if you decline a job?
https://www.abc.net.au/news/--/car-crash-nerang-advancetown-hotel-fatal-dead/"On arrival, we found four patients in traumatic cardiac arrest and one patient with minor injuries," he said.Reading between the lines it sounds like such a bad crash they can't identify anyone. Amazing that the ute seemed to do fine
You aint getting offered a job mate, I am highly skilled, and have been doing tailored applications with comprehensive cover letters and only applying for suitable jobs for the past  months, and I haven't even gotten a rejection emailIf you do a shit application, you will literally have % chance of getting a job, I wouldn't worry about it
The accidents that happen in China are so absurd they're like a parody of a low IQ society except it's real
Please our ladyboy work harder than you so-call "battlers". I work in a Thai restaurant, and I can assure you Bob Katter is a regular customer here.He loves his pad Thai.
Brendan O'Connell actively censored here???https://mega.nz/#!xhDWYaR!GOaK-TCZBF_acroFHgYabirTZ-ObtzYYGbXkI
My parents had a near miss like that. A truck went across the highway and hit the car behind them. Fucked the person inside up so much they wouldn't tell what sex they were until the autopsy. You can only hope death was instantaneous.
get twisted around some sort of knitting machine like a noodleadd insult to injuryit spanks you on what's left of your ass afterward
thank you my based brostay frosty throughout this bullshit
BOC is crazy but has some interesting points. What they did to him with C should scare the crap out of everyone.
Reminder that Victoria is a rd world shithole.

All good, I am still employed and earning decent money, my boss is just a retard. See earlier in the thread. Fuck the spastic cunts at the job centre, do a shithouse application and you won't have to worry about getting a terrible job. If you somehow get contacted by a potential employer, just reply with heaps of spelling mistakes or talk really slow so they think you are retarded
Has Coon always had a caveman face on the packet?
Yo like I actually live in Colac, this shit is insane
so after Sept th (or whenever they reduce the covid supplement) the maximum weekly jobseeker rate is $? is that correct
How are you even alive
anyone got a youtube link of that supercut video of daniel andrews, health officers, reporters etc saying you don't need masks and tehy're a waste and useless and don't do anything
Those "meaningless" boundaries exist for the same reason reason the South detests Californians et al, but again like a truly diasporic cosmopolitan you can't grasp why that is, and assume thousands of years of European conflicts were purely over theological disputes (spoiler: they weren't), and with your enlightened Athiesm you will usher in the end of history. "Pan" anything globetrotters would not be possible without modern technology and with incredible finances to enable it, and this assumes the anti-Darwinist stance that human evolution has finished, and that environmental conditioning will have no effects some ten thousand years in the future. The bottom line is, Americans are welcome to keep and stew in their melting pot, it won't be missed.
lockdowns on monday friend
$ a fortnight post sept jobs a fornight (supposedly)tell me more, what's up w the ADF?thank you senpai
Hmm, that leaves me with $ per week for me and the missus to live on after rent. Just possible I guess, but not ideal. Hope all those JOBS suddenly reappear
 jobs a fornight (supposedly)a month
I wonder when us DSP neets will get more money.
The ADF was deployed to help contain the abattoir from the ALC in Colac which has  cases. This is what they say though. I haven't left my house for a long time because I too am in quarantinefor  days because I was close to a confirmed case
So do you feel like a faggot for hiding in your house?
Why did kikes, niggers and women ruining gaming and entertainment?
Well, I have to. High school is on remote learning now
Are you sick or just going along with the country being turned into a glorified concentration camp for the sake of keeping old people alive another  months?
Do you gwt paid for all this OT or are you a salaryman?
iPhones will now be made in India
Is this china enforcing it?
is pajeet an improvement over chang?
No, Apple is only making a small fraction there for LOCAL sale. They have been doing this since  because India put a % tariff on it to encourage local manufacturing.
But china are going to take it anyway so what's the point.
So they’re gonna have poojeets work  hours a week?
making them anywhere except the united statesTrump is a failurewhere are the % tariffs on imports?
They’ve certainly been less subversive. I get the impression they’re happier to do business than desire to pursue designs of dominance.
FUCK CHINA and FUCK WINNIE THE POOH
I am ok with this. I wish they would put a plant in an impoverished part of the country.
Tunak tunak TunTunak tunak TunTunak tunak TunDa Da DaTunak tunak TunTunak tunak TunTunak tunak TunDa Da DaTunak tunak TunTunak tunak TunTunak tunak TunDa Da DaTunak tunak TunTunak tunak TunTunak tunak TunDa Da Da
It's a start. Better than China. But they need to be made here in the US.
Pajeet makes better iPhones then Chang?
FUCKING HAPPENING
Poos are much less of a danger than bugmen.
So is China at all self sustainable as a country?
No.
Now Indians can join Israel in chanting "still voting trump". October here is going to be a disaster with all that Indian spam.
SUPERPOWER
not in the slightest
New slogan.Made for little shits, by little shits
correct but pol salivates at pajeet jokes so the thread continues meaninglessly
India superpower in !!!!!!Yo wheres india bro, I want him to laugh and laugh and laugh so hard he gets dizzy!May god be with india!May god be with India anon.May god enjoy the sent of nag champs.May god be with us all!
Do you understand that this simply means that China is now so developed that (((Apple))) is moving to a cheaper and shittier location?China is gonna cuck India so hard in the future.
America's aggressive foreign policy towards China is unnecessary and will backfire

Yes. America needs China more than China needs America
After the Indians it will be literal African niggers making our technology.
is pajeet an improvement over chang?You can talk directly to the streetshitter who made your phone when calling tech support.
They've been making units for India in India for ages now. They're not leaving india.
WrongEventually Apple will produce all high end models for export .. from India
China is gonna cuck India so hard in the future.how come?
Remind me when African nation develops the fastest missile in the world
Honestly yes
Big Sir makes a lot more sense for an OS name now. all future Apple products are going to have sticky poi all over them
Oh shit
no lol
Now scale it to China levels. I dare you.Pajeetsless subversiveHire  pajeet manager, suddenly all subordinates are pajeets. They have nepotism, and discrimination to an art form. If you thought Jews were bad, get ready for this:https://www.brightworkresearch.com/enterprisesoftwarepolicy////how-indian-it-workers-discriminate-against-non-indian-workers/https://www.reddit.com/r/SanJose/comments/dahw/indian_managers_just_hire_only_indians_at_tech/Get ready for an H-B flood. Oh and your company crashes due to incompetence.x. A man of culture.Indeed. Worst case scenario for China is to simply wait out Trump, if not this November, then next term certainly.
OHNONONO redditoids on short-circuit mode.
kek based elon
(Wholesome )
man im living in the brightest timeline and I can't even enjoy it in peace because chinks have destroyed the borders and I'm stuck in western cucked hellhole screaming about big black dicks. Please let me go home now, you can keep your $$$, the kike sold me a lie.
Is coffee good for white women who fuck dogs?
Musk is a total faggo
yo why don't we dunk on this dipshit for spreading commie crap. It's an undeniable fact that socialism has been the worst mistake to ever happen to this region.
Elon is communicating wity ayyliums.

uhhhh based?
He's always been based.
We will coup whoever we want! Deal with it.
i still can not tell if Elon is a good guy or a bad guyi mean he is at least honest sometimes
Chaotic neutral
Well accoding to that flag, his cock should already be half way down your throat.
Elon abandoned his people.
Based
He just want to go to Mars, nothing else matters to the man. Social media is just a funny experiment for him while he's high and wants to play ping pong with stocks instead of a computer.
Time to cancel that mfer and his shitty American cars
my duplicate number in the other thread said he was /ourguy/ps. FUCK JANNIE SPAM FILTERS
ILOVEElonGrimes, I'm coming for your man, you fucking ugly trannylover
This man's basedness levels are off the charts.
roseis Elon a Rosicrucian?not surprised to be honest
Unfortunately capitalism has gotten out of handThese things require balance
how so?
ah i see
Eco morales was a piece of shit iirc. So nothing lost but a bunch of gains. Based Elon telling it how it is.
They can all leave that fucking shithole.
quintessential American spirit: chutzpah and greed
He’s one of them don’t fall for it anon
He was acting mousy at the start of covid and BLM flare up .I bet he sold all his houses to build a fat bunker with his boring machine and now feels safe chirping the masses
elon got cucked so fast
Holy fucking based !
"I love you but my roastie internal processor tells me that degeneracy matters more than your well-thought-out opinion."
Damn, I clicked to see why Ray Park was trending. It was not at all what I fucking expected. kek
 not based. he has the rose emoji in his handle. all the commies in the uk were using that when they were trying to stop brexit.
in all seriousness........how in God's name can a billionaire be so fucking based?
I’ll tell you right now he does not give a single fuck about any of us down hereNone of them do get it through your head we are viewed as cattle by these people
America destroyed an entire country and genocided their people just so they could sell some bananas for a couple of cents cheaperJuan José Arévalo was elected president in Guatemala's first democratic election. He introduced a minimum wage and near-universal suffrage, and turned Guatemala into a democracy. Arévalo was succeeded by Árbenz in , who instituted land reforms which granted property to landless peasants.[]The United Fruit Company (UFC), whose highly profitable business had been affected by the end to exploitative labor practices in Guatemala, engaged in an influential lobbying campaign to persuade the U.S. to overthrow the Guatemalan government. U.S. President Harry Truman authorized Operation PBFORTUNE to topple Árbenz in The CIA armed, funded, and trained a force of  men led by Carlos Castillo Armas. The coup was preceded by U.S. efforts to criticize and isolate Guatemala internationally. Castillo Armas' force invaded Guatemala on  June .Castillo Armas quickly assumed dictatorial powers, banning opposition parties, imprisoning and torturing political opponents, and reversing the social reforms of the revolution. Nearly four decades of civil war followed, as leftist guerrillas fought the series of U.S.-backed authoritarian regimes whose brutalities include a genocide of , Maya peoples.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/_Guatemalan_coup_d'étatWhy are they so based, bros?
Wtf are you on about? Elon loves capitalism. And he's the only based rich man on the planet right now. When the race war starts you can fucking % count on him to fund the Nazi parties with weapons and uniforms.
He's nothing like "these people" as in other billionaires, tard
Bananas sustain me... i bought  for  dollars.. . Thats a banana a day and  a day on a very special day. Do you understand? How would i do this with other fruit? I cant. I need the bananas.
Only the ones who were built for bbc. Have sex.
How is he not?pushes globe earth and nasa deception.faked his "rocket landing" footagehas hysterical ugly tranny girlfriend who shills bidensubstitutes God with simulation theory to please occult kikes
one of usQ - ZionistAlex Jones - ZionistJerome Corsi - ZionistRoger Stone - ZionistPJW - ZionistPosobiec - ZionistBannon - ZionistBen Shapiro - ZionistJordan Peterson - ZionistGeert Wilders - ZionistSam Harris - ZionistSpencer - ZionistMich Enoch - ZionistLauren Southern - ZionistFaith Goldy - ZionistSellner/Pettibone - ZionistTommy Robinson - ZionistAnn Coulter - ZionistStefan Molyneux - ZionistCernovich - ZionistGeorge Webb - ZionistJason Goodman - ZionistMatt Couch - ZionistMilo - ZionistJF - ZionistKevin MacDonald - ZionistAndrew Anglin - ZionistWeev - ZionstSargoy of Mossad - ZionistKyle Chapman - ZionistStephen Crowder - ZionistLaura Loomer - ZionistDavid Duke - Zionist shillGavin mccines - ZionistJared Taylor - ZionistRobert spencer - ZionistPamela geller - ZionistCharlie kirk - ZionistCandice owens - ZionistThomas paine - ZionistDouglas murray - ZionistJoe Rogan - Zionist shillKate Hopkins - ZionistElon Musk - Zionist<----Kanye West - ZionistProud boys - ZionistMr. Metokur - ZionistPewdiepie - ZionistJesse Lee Peterson - ZionistBrenton Tarrant - ZionistNigel Farage - ZionistEzra Levant - ZionistPatrick Little - ZionistJames o Keefe - ZionistLana Lokteff - ZionistHenrik Palmgren - ZionistStephan Balliet - ZionistNick Fuentes - ZionistSebastian Gorka - ZionistAndy Ngo - ZionistE Michael jones - ZionistKaitlyn Bennett - ZionistPeter Hitchens - ZionistCurtis Yarvin - Zionist
"No government stimulus packages" sayeth the rich man in his tower of ivory.
Anon, I...
globe earth and nasa deceptiontake your meds
suffragedemocracyGood riddance.
Just a cursory glance and I know more than half of those are bullshit
Neither does the left or socialism. At least I support someone who makes shit happen
Am I the only one who read , MILLION likes?Don't know why but it confused me for . secs until I saw ops flag
grimes probably has smoke coming out of xer ears right now
ok disprove one
you know its trolling? He is a mega capitalist
dont they live together? even if theyre apart why does his wife gf/wife have to communicate with him publically on twitter? very healthy
Arbenz was a communist you retard. He redistributed land from rich to poor.
retweeting something on twitter just reading out what was tweetedHow fucking irrelevant can you be
LololSorry god, that was just funny.May god be with us all!
What's with the roses. Is he smoking again?
oh my god... elon is based af
He's from South Africa. No matter your upbringing: it will redpill you as a child.
PROTIP: If you see some niggerfaggoy saying niggerfaggot shit and then see another niggerfaggot agreeing with said niggerfaggot commies shit, you are probably in a slide thread talking to niggerfaggot redditors. Just ignore them and hang out in generals where we shit on the CCP and niggerfaggot redditors who come to this board now.
probably helping his image
Cuba is communist. Has lower std rates, higher literacy rates, no homelessness and only offers good to world like medicine and medical volunteers. All this despite illegal American sanctions. Cut the crap. Stop interfering with communist countries, the size of one of your nigger cities, and watch as your rotten construct collapses. Goy
You can't they are kikes
Nah, Charlize Theron is pozzed as fuck.
Doesn't this pedo raise his kid "gender neutral". And whiteknight that bitch Amber Heard? Yeah, fuckung based.
Based Elon
whenever someonr says they hear/noticed that "racist dog whistle."I love pointing out to them if they heard/noticed "racist dog whistle" they're the racists. It almost always fries their minds and shuts them right down.
Hahahaha eat shit Grimes
Nick Fuentes isn't a fucking Zionist. he turned down a job at turning point cause they said they wouldn't let him talk about israel
It’s very telling that a South African oligarch so reflexively refers to the American empire as “we”. I guess all those conspiracies about the United States being secretly infiltrated and recolonized to serve the British empire is true. Elon is not an American, nor has he ever served in any state department or diplomatic role in America, and yet he refers to himself as synonymous with it. Elon just confirmed that an Anglo Saxon five eyes deep state is the real nwo.
he criticized commies an socialists many times but just like Tucker he not worshiping capitalism
Then why do they keep washing up on our shores you fucking nigger?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WcdsBLGSc
thats a socialist symbol
Elon Musk is a Grimes puppet.
i love you butWomen in a nutshell.
lmao
Socialist roseThis must be a fake
Tweet doesn’t exist
Based?
Who do you think is behind this post? Hello
Musk will divorce her ass
"I love you but I'm also mentally a child and I value the approval of the masses over my loyalty to you. So in other words I don't love you."
I think every kike should be deported to Israel, where they should have a kike state. Does this make me a zionist?
It's pretty simple: You're a retard who fell for idiotic and transparent slander posted about elon and his companies on this board. Too stupid to figure out you've been manipulated.He's a billionaire with some dumb opinions and several extremely successful companies. He isn't SJW, he isn't commie, his all american electric vehicles are btfo the competition, and he's trying to take humanity into space.Sometimes I wonder how people like you even manage to breathe for yourselves. Always need other people to tell you what to think.
he lived most of his youth in canada
time to get rid of this ho bro
Elon is not an AmericanHis passport says otherwise., nor has he ever served in any state department or diplomatic role in America, and yet he refers to himself as synonymous with it.Citizens have ultimate sovereignty here, proxynigger.
Only person that would make such a generalization is a commie
e-celebs thread
She's also a woman, and thus invalid.
So this is who the retards on /pol/ are hating on Elon. Literal flat earther mouthbreathers. Makes sense.
cuts out the "I know this isn't your heart" part to try and make it look worse
Pretty much anti american non stop on this board to counteract the post germanic identity expressed in white americans as if theri superiority comes from elsewhere but this is gold. I will fucking conquer whom i like.
you got ripped off
I'm tired of no one ever calling liberals on the fact they call everything "hate" even when it's not. It's just their default go-to word when their brain has shorted out too much to formulate an argument.Hey maybe the high suicide rate among transgenders means we need to look at this more like a mental health proble-WHY DO YOU HATE REEEE HATE HATE HATE!
That’s not our fucking problem, spic lover.
No he is bullying rose Twitter
 retarded crackheadsI'd line them up the wall and blast them with a  gauge without any single hesitation.
stfu greek, your country is nigger infested
Break up by the end of the year. Kek wills it.
And he still wants him and his followers to MIGA and optics cuck at every turn while he goes on dates with men.
Go back to zerohedge, Tyler

You're a delusional retard
/pol/‘s new saint... not even The Don could shitpost like him.
No, he beat her up and threw her out. And he isn't really naming his kid X%^ or whatever, that's just cover for a normal name that he will never share with anyone.
MEDSTAKE EM
Anon
They will be broken up by the end of the year. Kek wills it. Mars Man deserves way better anyhow.
I like how they take the liberty of correcting her typo
Based bro from across the ditch
Lmfao she HOES MAD...
he shill for trump im sure he will turn around and tell bibi to get fucked%
They are only dating KEK they aren’t married or engaged. Hoe AINT getting no alimony from him HAHAHAHAHAH
The fact she made a tweet instead of contacting him directly makes me assume they don't actually communicate.
Checked.
this, woman opinions aren't valid
I'm also so fucking tired of them coming to the conclusion they want, and then making huge leaps in logic to support that conclusionHey maybe we need to look into why the suicide rates among trans are so hig-THEY'RE HIGH BECAUSE PEOPLE DON'T ACCEPT THEM, IF YOU ACCEPTED THEM IT WOULD BE LOWER
Cant wait to see them breakup LOL shits gonna be funny as... imagine the salt from her
Elons big fat belly rests on this whores back every day while he shoves his dirty meat stick all the way into her poop shaft. He stares at her disinterested face and thinks: why does this worthless bitch think her opinons matter? She can literally only make interesting sounds.
COMMUNISM
Democratic capitalism is at an end, Putin will bring New communist capitalism. China and Russia will form the eurasian alliance and then ww will begin.

Religion is a backwards old world belief, you need only to worship the dear leaders.
https://youtu.be/JHhrHBvFo
Holy based. Heaven is beating
It will never work

It will work, when the communists win the war, and the world is red. You can't have communism without global cooperation. You need the US to disappear.
You gotta crack a few eggs if you wanna make an omelette, weakling.
Real communism has never been tried because it needs to actually work for it to be tried
It can't exist without a totalitarian regime, if you want to live in one good luck with that
Obviously, USSR didn't even guarantee the workers own the value of their own labour.
better beat you so you don't stab anyone.
The dictatorship of the proletariat is only temporary. A transition towards true communism.Children need to be taught how to behave before they are given freedom.
These retards aren't real communists. Communism needs to be implemented via a brutal totalitarian regime. Purges have to be conducted, until all that remains is pure red
at least with an omelette you end up with an omelette for your broken eggs and effort.
Look around society is too retarded to do something together, it in the people's nature to seek small groups, nations, races, etc. If you don't get reed of identity you can't have communism, if you want to be some child of the world do your thing
move to china then you euro-beaner.
What about Denmark?
The practicalities are different from what we have in mind, because of a little thing called "the USA constantly blocking communist countries from trading". You can't have equality and justice in a nation that doesn't grow because of permanent war.Yeah who do we have to thank for the fruitless effort? America's constant interference.That's why we need a totalitarian regime. For reeducation.America's collapse has already begun, son. See you on the other side.
reeducationif you don't decode human's nature nothing will ever change
I'll make sure I piss on your monument.
Someone on leftypol claimed that the cnt was more brutal than Stalin.I believe that guy desu.I don't buy this the cnt was workers paradise.
You know how we made dogs? We took under our wing wolves that were friendly to humans, and let the rest die. Same way can people be reeducated, not just through beatings, but through the elimination of the bad ones. It's artificial selection. Only obedient and high IQ humans will remain.
And that's a good thing. It's all blue jew vs red jew. Sage in all fields and go suck some more dicks OP.
If dog is hungry he will still eat a human

The system will be successful, why would they starve?fuck off meme flaggotBrutality is a means to an end.True communism needs no monuments. The past is just a hindrance.
That's not the system the monument will be constructed under. It will stand to show what happens to people like you.
I don't deny communism caused the deaths of millions. The blood of the innocents shall water our lands and bring bread to the few strong remaining for generations to come.
Pinochet was pretty based. Weeding out weak communism. A pitty he wasn't a communist himself.
Nothing about you implies strength. In fact you reek of weakness.
You're caricaturizing communism with modern propaganda. The poor aren't taken in, unless there's any benefit to it. The poor are weak and left to die in the fields. Don't you remember the holodomor?
Okay so I thought of the following. The lack of incentives is what holds back socialism so why not do the following.Every worker gets to grade each other and give a score from  star to  stars and gets paid accordingly. And if you get  star you get sent off to the gulag (its just work camp you pansies)
sorry i like food
blah blah blah six million timesfuck offsage
guess this will be you then. you won't be missed.
Yes, a meritocracy would be ideal. I don't know if you're aware of this, but in soviet communism there was incentivation of those who most contributed to the nation.
If that is the case, so be it. A true man is forged through hardship, and if he dies trying, he wasn't a true man.
incentivation incentivisationuneducated commie. you get the rope.
 grammar mistake and "uneducated". I'm not a fuckin anglo, why don't you guys finish collapsing already?
I'll turn your commie ass into windchimes for my future anglo flower garden.
Anglos have no future.
it will never be implemented, so it working should not even be a discussion.
if a system needs such specific and exact implementation to even stand a small chance of success then its a pretty shit system
dream on euro-beaner, dream on.
windchimeseven less inconspicuous than lampshades, nice
Fault lies not in the system itself but on people's debauchery. Hitler learnt it the hard way, you can't fight the whole world.What do you think the EU is all about?
fuckwad who's never studied history
Spain also used to be the biggest empire. What happund?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcmhTBEIAeohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rRdgbSRYQtshttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fujBNTvc
what happund in spain goyim?fuck off
It collapsed. Every empire collapses when corrupted by liberal capitalism.
Take your meds, jamon schizoI've experienced communism first hand and it definitely sucks.
Weakling
just ignore these western retards
yes yes it "collapsed" just like the th and st century west
the fault is always subjective, for point of every system there is a fault in people. if you mean that people are evil and communist is good, then I think you would have hard time seriously defending that position.
westernhe is spanish% not whitejust a worthless commies with shit colored skin
spanish not whitehave you looked at any spaniards lately?
If you think capitalism is a modern invention, you're a retard. The only modern aspect of capitalism is the financial system, capitalist countries have always existed. Absolutist monarchies were nothing more than capitalist entities with totalitarian control of the population.People aren't evil, they're just dumb and weak degenerates that can't control their urges.Not that it matters to me, but I'm white as the milk. Ideology goes beyond color of skin or nations.
i guess they are whiter than you mutley
never TRULY triednever TRULY implementednah you faggots just got your asses handed to you time and time again
inferring something not written because you're the actual retarddo carry on
communism is an ideology which tries to satisfy people's urges on mass scale.
People aren't eviloh fuck me i hope you are not older than  otherwise life will get you hard lesson
stay mad "latvian"
Yeah you try and fight a massive weapons producer holding control over the world's trade routes. Doesn't have anything to do with ideology but sheer power. The US is rich in resources, they don't really need to import anything.
no one wants your ideologycommunism is for fucking retards who have sub par iq.if you scummy faggots where not pushing for a repeatably failed ideology i might get on board.
The US is rich in resources, they don't really need to import anything.truethis is why the idea the us needs to rely on anything outside its own borders to live and prosper is a lie
The good-evil dichotomy is the childish notion. Would you say a lion is evil for killing and eating other animals? It's opportunism, plain and simple.Call it evil if it makes you feel better though.World domination is first required, otherwise we can't triumph.
You’re honestly a fucking disgrace to man-kind , you want to give the government the power to control so much shit , and you think it will never go sideways? You want the same government who wanted operation north woods to be a thing , who sells guns to Mexican narcs , who profits of its own drug war , who has never had a war in their own mainland for almost two centuries yet destroyed everywhere else, who constantly lobbies bills in their own senate, who buys out television networks , this shit is not in the past it’s in the present and the future , and your dumbass wants to give them that kind of power? Please kill yourself anon, you only want communism cause your lazy ass doesn’t want to get a proper job or education , I genuinely want to see an article tomorrow about the communist moron on chan who died of suicide.
so what do you think of the spanish civil war, spaniard?
oh im absolutely seething
Oh fuck off. You can just as easily say America had to deal with an absolutely colossal superpower with endless resources that essentially controlled eurasia, yet America managed to cope.The fact it "couldn't be implemented" despite the USSR being a legitimate superpower just shows how flawed fundamentally communism is. It wouldn't be able to handle a stiff breeze without a real government having to be formed. "real" communism is pure fantasy nonsense despite the fact is undesirable in the first place.
tal y como lo entiendo el comunismo no es mas que genocidio esclavitud y pobreza...tan sol si ese es tu objetivo podrias suscribir tal experimento basado en falsas premisas economicasdices que no se ha implementado en la realidad, no se como llamas a los autodenominados gobiernos comunistas que no han hecho mas que fracasar en traer ese paraiso que profesas
kekhollow larp faggotbut do go on
A benevolent tyrant is always better than degenerate debauchery.If you think the system in place is a meritocracy you live in a fantasy world, it's all about opportunity, and it only encourages being a complacent asslicker of the masses.Communism would provide a true meritocracy through special salaries to those who most contribute to the nation's GDP.
never hasnever will
nothing hollow about the state of your biracial shit hole the used to be the envy of the world
Communism would provide a true meritocracy through special salaries to those who most contribute to the nation's GDP.What you just described is not real communism.
That Hitler should've stayed out of it, but shit happens.America managed to cope.Dude russia barely has any fertile land, compared to the US, and they rely on caucassian oil fields. USA has Texas, as well as endless fertile lands between the east coast and the rockies. Not to mention their alliance with the UK which granted a huge inffluence in global trade. The military industry boom also helped build the largest military in the world, to help further enforce trade on their terms.Correlación no es causalidad. El comunismo no es lo único que influenció la pobreza de los paises comunistas.Si eres de sudamerica, no es sorpresa que el comunismo falle. No teneis la base de poder necesaria para implementarlo.
on the right track, but then you derail yourself, gl
You fucking realize that all it takes for a communist system to be fucked up even though it went well for god knows how many centuries is ONE cock sucker?And what a hypocrite, you say today’s system make people become asslickers yet the one “successful” communist system today is China , and what do you know , the Chinese are asslickers to the CCP ignoring the concentration camps , the corrupt government , the pollution made by the government ignoring the masses health , imprisoning the people who criticize the CCP , you’re a fucking hypocrite OP.
Why? because it's not ideal and equal? Equality will come with time. People won't focus so much on money and only will care about being good at their jobs and contributing to society, because they'll see society as the larger part of their body.The transition to true communist is a long and grueling journey that lasts many generations.
hahahahahahahahagood one anon
te invito a que mires medidas com pib e indices de bienestar comparando paises adyacentes uno comunista y el otro no ( sin que tenga que ser capitalista al extremo ) creo que podria ampliar positivamente tu perspectivalas coreas son el ejemplo mas claroya que has mencionado latam es argentina - aunque sea mas socialista que comunista pero ...- y chile
How am I a hypocrite? It's always better to be an "asslicker" to the system in place than to the whims of childish masses.I've nothing against monarchy, if it's only temporary, and it works with the reeducation process.
You a real Marxist? Take a real swan dive.
Estás haciendo mi argumento entonces, no solo depende del sistema sino tambien de las relaciones internacionales.
Modern marxists are cancerous retards.
I've nothing against monarchy, if it's only temporary, and it works with the reeducation process.that's the thing though, you don't get to decide; the spirit of the age does
por supuesto no se puede reducir el analisis a un solo factor pero hay una correlacion enorme entre libertad economica y prosperidaden el marco internacional china ha descubierto que a traves del negocio y de un mercado libre se crea riqueza, la diferencia es que la unidad soberana pasa en su caso de ser el individuo a ser el estado, pero si tal como planteas se monta un comunismo global el estado chino que es a mi entender el unico en crecer economicamente entre los comunistas perderia la habilidad de negociar y por tanto la creacion de riqueza.yo defiendo el derecho del individuo de negociar con quien quiera porque hay ejemplos de como esto mejora la vida de la gentetodos los ejemplos de comunismo empeoran la vida de la gente
Equality and diversity are mutually exclusive things. Things, or people, that are diverse are not the same. Which is to say diverse people are not equal. If all people are equal, they can not be diverse. If people were all equal there would be no individualism. They would just be bland, interchangeable economic and cultural units. You can no more make all people equal than you can make all people equally fast sprinters or equally great chess players or equally great singers. Any attempt to make people equal is bound to fail because it seeks to nullify a basic aspect of human nature.In the end, proponents of communism/socialism are invariably resentful people who feel inadequate in some way, and either will not or can not compete in and contribute to society as every other human being has since the rise of the species. The ideology is an utter failure that brings misery and death every time it's tried.


You can always get enough of a powerbase through capitalism, then inffluence and control media, like the jews do. Why do you think Putin has such a control over Russia?china ha descubierto que a traves del negocio y de un mercado libre se crea riquezaClaro, porque vivimos en un mundo capitalista.comunismo global el estado chino que es a mi entender el unico en crecer economicamente entre los comunistas perderia la habilidad de negociarExplica esa afirmaciónYour definition of "equality" is as retarded as feminism's. Absolute ideal equality is impossible, due to the diversity that genetics create, but we can be equal under the law and social class. Diversity is not necesarily exclusive, some people are good at some jobs, others are good at others, and each individual has a different purpose. Same as in the body, the heart pumps blood, whilst the lungs retrieves O and the brain keeps them all connected as a system.
no se exactamente como envisionas un comunismo mundial pero supongo que conllevara planeamiento central,ahora mismo china puede vender sus productos en base a oferta y demanda naturales, es decir lo que la gente esta dispuesta a comprar y el precio que esta dispuesta a pagar por ello.una de las razones de que los paises comunistas sufren economicamente es que el equilibrio entre oferta y demanda se controla artificialmente y desaparecen los incentivos de producir mas eficientemente y ofrecer precios mas bajos, si extrapolas este modelo al mundo entero lo mismo que ocurre al nivel del individuo o la corporacion, sucederia para los paises como unidad soberana, y al final el progreso queda estancado
La oferta/demanda no tiene por que ser el unico incentivo. China otorga subsidios a empresas que se alinean con el partido comunista. Este sistema podria expandirse y refinarse en forma de meritocracia. Segun la eficiencia de cada corporación, los subsidios estatales seran mayores. Uno de los errores que cometen todos los paises que pretenden ser comunistas es asumir que pueden crecer sin meritocracia.
la otra parte de la afirmacion se refiere a que venezuela se ha ido a la ruinael salario en cuba es de  dolares/mesen la ussr tenian los supermercados vacios y mataron de hambre a millones de personas (entre  y ) y otro tanto en la china temprana
/cvg/ - Corona Virus General #4489
Dead: ,lol, still only ,.How many days has it been stuck at ,? Four days? Five days?
FRIENDLY REMINDER: Wuhan Coronavirus was manufactured by the CCP as a bioweapon!
thank you Gary
You're very welcome. Keep in mind that if you have any problems, talk to me and I will help you.
I fucking hate that nigger
Gary how can i plant a cow tree?
[NEWS]South Africa % excess deaths imply hidden SARS tollSouth Africa witnessed some , extra deaths from natural causes or % more than would normally be expected between early May and mid-July, scientists said, suggesting many more people are dying of COVID- than shown in official figures.New data by the South African Medical Research Council (SAMRC), released overnight, showed that just in the week to July  - the latest figures available - there was an excess of , deaths by natural causes, about half more than usual.Africa's most industrialised nation is in the middle of a runaway epidemic of the coronavirus, with cases increasing by more than , day and the current total approaching ,.But its recorded death toll is low, at , deaths or less than . percent of cases.http://archive.is/bcmfgIndoor gyms and pools in England start to reopenIndoor gyms, swimming pools and sports facilities in England have started to reopen in the latest easing of the coronavirus lockdown.But the leisure sector has warned it will still struggle because of the financial impact of the pandemic.At least a third of public facilities are expected to remain shut.Gyms must follow strict hygiene and social distancing measures, such as limiting the number of people using the facility and spacing out equipment.Facilities should also reduce class sizes and ensure adequate ventilation, according to government guidance issued earlier this month.http://archive.is/nwDbCReportanon's latest news and reports:
https://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/a/qLmEo/taxi-korde-in-i-folkmassa--tre-till-sjukhusMan drove into a crowd seemingly with the intention of only hitting one personWas dragged out of the car after hitting the crowd by people thereCitizens arrest so obviously not aggressiveNow if this doesn't scream "act of impulse" when he was fucking driving into a crowd with the intention of hitting one person THEN JUST DIDN'T DRIVE AWAY FROM THERE OR HAD THE DOORS LOCKED
Turns out the US is the gayest country in the world no healthcare  get rekt by some flu



https://live.aftonbladet.se/supernytt/news/fbdaabedeebAnother earthquake in Sweden, we're still not above abnormal numbers tho but this one is labeled "pretty strong"
oasis won the battlebut blur won the war, argie

Yes, but it all depends on what it uses, doesn't it. If this uses Actin, which considering it's high affinity for muscle type nAChR, seems very likely it's spliced with rabies.Then the fact that the nAChR binding is homologous to rabies and nothing else, as well as it's filopodia and immune suppressioTon answer... I sadly do not have the time to read the different articles...But a few general remarks about "endocytosis":This is a fancy term used to describe the cellular uptake of large bio-molecule. However, much of the details remain unknown and our understanding is quite limited. Some people tried to classified the endocytosis in different type depending on the proteins involved... but this is not very relevant as the mechanism seems to be "fluid" (I don't have a better term).It is also very difficult to study endocytosis. They often inhibit one proteins and check if the endocytosis still happens. If not, the bio-molecule is declared to be uptake via a mechanism dependent on the specific protein. However, the inhibitors used are generally poorly specific, which make this kind of study almost irrelevant.My overall point: you cannot declare that  virus are similar based only on a overall similarity between the endocytosis only.
https://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/a/Adpk/sjukvardspersonal-pa-akutmottagning-coronasmittadLots of nurses at an ER positive for SARS-Worked despite mild symptoms etcStupid cunts.I can't believe I'm gonna agree with a memeflag.. But yeah, Blur won the war.


https://www.cnn.com////us/texas-starr-county-hospital-coronavirus/index.htmlDoctors at a Texas hospital along the US-Mexico border may decide to send coronavirus patients "home to die by their loved ones" due to limited resources, officials say.
My overall point: you cannot declare that  virus are similar based only on a overall similarity between the endocytosis only.If it's using actin for it it's not just an overall similarity, but it's not just endocytosis, is it?The postfusion shape could induce antibodies that do not neutralize the virus. In effect, the spikes in this form may act as decoys that distract the immune system.Well well well, rabies is getting more and more likely.https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/G binds cellular receptors and facilitates cellular entry via direct fusion with the cellular membrane []. Moreover, G is the only protein that can induce virus-neutralizing antibodies (VNAs).Then of course, we look at that specific region of SARS- Spike protein, as well as SAg like properties of it and the immuno suppressionhttp://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qEstimates of binding energy suggest that Y-R, forms stable complexes with all three nAChR subtypes, but has highest affinity for the muscle-type receptorhttp://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qThis close sequence similarity to both bacterial and viral SAgs, in support of the potential superantigenic character of the amino acid stretch Y-R of SARS-CoV- S directed us to further analyze its local sequence and structural properties.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#Similarities between sialic acid and N-acetylgluocosamine binding.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qhttp://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qIFR- blocking IFN both in SARS- and Rabies.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qFilopodia working the same way in SARS- and Rabies.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qSome other gems, as well as more Rabies homology.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qAnd it ain't HIV, just look at this.
Hey Gary, I want a cute girlfriend of pure European heritage who is fluent in English, German and Japanese and would enjoy talking with me about Jews. Please help.
you're trying to talk sense into the resident chinkshillwon't work
I haven't seen that one
I'm not going back to instagram to search for rares again after that incident.
triage is a bitch
So is the US the last major country that is still dealing with Corona? It sounds like most other countries have gotten it under control.
Reminder that Texas has this, and you can see their accident reports.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qBUT HEY LETS LOOK AT SOME RECENT ACCIDENTS AND ALL PRETEND IT'S ENTIRELY IMPOSSIBLE THAT THE NEUROLOGICAL ASPECT OF THE VIRUS HAS ANYTHING AT ALL TO DO WITH THIS SINCE MOST OF YOU ARE REALLY FUCKING GOOD AT IT AT THIS POINT.ANY TIPS? I ALSO WANT TO PRETEND NOTHING IS WRONGhttps://www.sutliffstout.com/houston-accidents/three-customers-injured-after-vehicle-crashed-into-a-starbucks/Three people are now injured after a vehicle crashed into a Starbucks in Coppell Thursday morning.https://www.sutliffstout.com/houston-accidents/two-people-dead-in-overnight-crash-in-south-austin/According to police, a driver headed the wrong way in the northbound lanes collided with a truck carrying a trailer. A fire consumed both vehicles as a result of the collision.https://www.sutliffstout.com/houston-accidents/one-vehicle-wreck-left-two-injured-in-shelby-county/The accident happened on FM , west of FM . At around : a.m., a BMW was traveling west at unsafe speeds when it crossed over the eastbound lane and drove off the road. It then struck a tree.https://www.sutliffstout.com/houston-accidents/man-killed-in-fatal-auto-pedestrian-wreck/The accident happened on Texas Highway / near Groves. A man, , was walking across the highway around : a.m. when he was struck by a  Infinity driven by a -year-old Orrin Landers from Orange. Landers was traveling westbound on Highway  south of Rainbow bridge when he struck the man.https://www.sutliffstout.com/houston-accidents/teenager-injured-after-a-two-vehicle-crash-in-lubbock/The accident happened around  a.m. at FM  and CR  when a pickup headed southbound on CR  failed to yield and collided into an SUV going west on FM .BECAUSE  OUT OF  LATEST ACCIDENTS SINCE JULY , ONCOMING LANE AND DRIVING INTO STORES SURE IS NORMAL
Got any proof of that?
Thanks for that. I put it aside but forgot to post itlastAnon i...
https://www.biorxiv.org/content/./...v.full.pdf The earliest evidence of Aa in Europe was from Germany (Germany/BavPat/ sequence deposited on th January). By the end of January, .% of all submitted sequences from East Asia, % of all in Europe and % of all in North America were of non-Aa subtypes with D.  The Aa (G) subtype was then present at a very low frequency in East Asia ( sequences), Europe ( sequence) and absent in North America.  Dramatic changes in the viral landscape took place very rapidly. By the end of February, the frequency of Aa rose from % to .% in Europe and from % to .% in North America.  Contrastingly, the Aa landscape remained low in China (<% in February) and other East Asian countries (only  Aa sequence out of  sequences deposited by the end of February); Figure  and Supplementary Figure . The Aa - G subtype continued to rise in frequency replacing all previously frequent non-Aa-D subtype in Europe (% in March comprising  sequences) and in North-America (% in March comprising  sequences) to become the most dominant subtype.  Sequence submission from East Asia dropped drastically in March possibly indicating control of the COVID- disease
Thanks Gary~!
How's your theory going?
Some updates:- , new cases and  new deaths in Ukraine-  new case in Latvia-  new cases in Estonia -  new cases and  new deaths in Armenia- , new cases and  new deaths in Russia-  new cases and  new deaths in Kyrgyzstan-  new cases in Hungary-  new cases and  new deaths in the United States more cases and my Slavland would break its record.Still, it spiked over k. Guess we'll be doing crappy and half-assed shutdowns again.
Incident?
Better late than never.
http://archive.is/GyNTEIn a Cell paper this month, Bette Korber and colleagues at Los Alamos National Laboratory showed that G has become more common in almost every nation and region they looked at, whereas D is virtually gone (see graphic, below). That might be a sign that it’s outcompeted by G, but it could also be a coincidence. “Any one mutation may rise to very high frequency across the world, just because of random chance,” says Kristian Andersen, a computational biologist at Scripps Research. “This happens all the time.”Comparing the spread of different viral variants carrying the two mutations could reveal a difference. The United Kingdom’s COVID- Genomics Consortium has sequenced , SARS-CoV- genomes, allowing scientists to compare how fast  lineages carrying the G mutation and  with D spread. They estimated that the former grew . times faster than the latter—but the statistical significance was low. “Evidence for a difference is weak and if it does exist, the estimated effect is moderate,” says evolutionary biologist Andrew Rambaut of the University of Edinburgh.An uncontrolled transmission experiment has already taken place on Dutch mink farms, where the new coronavirus jumped from humans to minks at least five separate times. Twice it was the D variant, and three times G, Koopmans says. She hopes data from the outbreaks could show whether either one spread faster and wider than the other. But the experiment doesn’t have the rigor of a lab study, she concedes. “We have a natural experiment here. The study design is not optimal.”Whether G is more transmissible or not, it has become the dominant strain and the world is living with it, Rambaut says. Most recent estimates of the virus reproduction number—which denotes how well it spreads—are already based mostly on the mutant strain. “What we don’t know is whether D would have been different,“ Rambaut says.
You're very welcome ,Anonymouse. Keep in mind that if you have any problems, talk to me and I will help you.
Yeah, I was searching for rares and a disgusting whale cosplayed as her and I almost puked from the disgust.Ain't touching that place again, I think that lardass had triple chins, ugh
Idk, seems fine. Has anyone found a stash of neglected G sequences in a drawer at Wuhan CDC?How's yours going?Anyway, I feel like reposting shit today.  NNLDSKV motif matches a surface protein motif from plasmodium falciparum (malaria)http://archive.is/RFZE
you're not the real gary
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/This close sequence similarity to both bacterial and viral SAgs, in support of the potential superantigenic character of the amino acid stretch Y-R of SARS-CoV- S directed us to further analyze its local sequence and structural properties.The “PRRA” insert in SARS-CoV- spike exhibits sequence and structure properties similar to those of bacterial superantigen SEB.this putative SAg core is structurally consolidated by spatial proximity to a conserved acidic segment, ECD, which forms a highly stable salt bridge with the polybasic segment PRRAR of SARS-CoV- S, much in the same way as to the salt bridge observed in SEB (but not in SARS S).https://www.biorxiv.org/content/./...vThe region with the highest uptake was the hypothalamus at . µl/g and the region with the lowest uptake was the midbrain at . µl/g. This widespread uptake throughout the brain supports the consideration that the central nervous system may be contributing to many of the diverse effects of S and/or SARS-CoV- such as encephalitis, respiratory difficulties, and anosmia.Inflammation can increase the passage of substances across the BBB by a variety of mechanisms, including stimulation of adsorptive transcytosisMost brain regions had an arithmetic, non-statistically significant decrease in I-S uptake with LPS treatment, although two regions (olfactory bulb and hippocampus) did reach statistical significance.But LPS should help it enter neurons if it was HIV like.. unless.I-S completely crosses the BBB to enter brain tissue and enters in all regions of the brain. WGA agglutinin enhances uptake of I-S by brain and by peripheral tissues, suggesting transport across the BBB involves sialic acid or Nacetylglucosamine and likely uses the transcytotic mechanism of adsorptive transcytosis.As for sialic acid and N-acetylgluocosamine? Yeah.. 
is this the next step in your master plan?adopt my theories, and claim them as your own, and then shit them up?
From your South africa article if the  thousand predicted are real you get a mortality rate of ,% in what i assume to be a county full of young people compared to some euro countries. Numbers seem plausibleShit honestly. After connecting the big dots i can't see why the small dots don't exist. Places like greece and some southeast asia. Bubonic plague in mongolia seems to be doing great
Ugh
Yes, ugh.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
 Mongoliathat whole region bears watchingchinks are now paying for anti-Putin agitators in the far eastlooks for all the world like the prelude to WWII, except now it's the chinks threatening Russia and hoping their bluff won't be called, not the japs

That might be a sign that it’s outcompeted by G, but it could also be a coincidence. “Any one mutation may rise to very high frequency across the world, just because of random chance,”Twice it was the D variant, and three times GThey estimated that the former grew . times faster than the latter—but the statistical significance was low.I want to bring attention to this.I also want to point out that the theory of DG being more infectious started at Los Alamos and unless certain people here are working there, I don't really see how DG would be any other theory than theirs. I do remember Dutchie had a bit of a different spin on it.But it sort of makes sense if certain people here could be Los Alamos shitposting chink scientists trying to push their own, so far still non peer-reviewed shit that's only corroborated by a few poo papers, which btw also released the retarded HIV insert study which has by now been disproved over and over especially with the latest nAChR development, which while still in pre-print last time I looked, it's entirely new and not just an update on research from April. https://news.yahoo.com/arrest-of-los-alamos-scientist-opens-new-front-in-crackdown-on-chinese-infiltration-of-us-labs-.htmlArrest of Los Alamos scientist opens new front in crackdown on Chinese infiltration of U.S. labshttps://www.aikenstandard.com/news/former-los-alamos-worker-pleads-guilty-in-chinese-incentives-case/article_bfeea-a-ea-adb-ddbf.htmlFormer Los Alamos worker pleads guilty in Chinese incentives caseHmm...
Someone's gona find the new ones from there eventually
Putin was deepening diplomatic ties with mongolia last monthbears
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
big eventually
there's a study from Washington state which neatly shows G outcompeting D in the space of a couple months after introduction D variant was spread in Washington state in late Feb via someone on the Death Princesshttp://archive.is/Tvbyou would be hard-pressed to find newly-submitted D sequences from Washington today... in fact there aren't any afaik
there is also  D G amino acid change at spike protein position ) i) underwent a significant demographic expansion in most countries not explained by stochastic effects or enhanced pathogenicityhttp://archive.is/vEbit's just... more infectivemaybe because its spike flips open more often Distinct conformational states of SARS-CoV- spike protein - "open" position may stabilize virions and confuse immune responsehttps://archive.is/NyRhf

to clarify, in the folded position a spike with D is more stable than one with Gbut the spike needs to unfold, to infectkinda like modding a gun to have a "hair" trigger
http://archive.is/TvbThe predicted genomic sequence of that progenitor virus was consistent with that from the first U.S. case of imported COVID-, which occurred in a man who arrived in Seattle from Wuhan, China, on January  and became ill  days later. However, it is also possible that the Washington State clade arose from a virus with a similar or identical sequence from another person with SARS-CoV- infection. Analysis of viruses in California and the northeastern United States from February through mid-March suggested that there had been several importations of virus, primarily from Europe, followed by transmission of virus within the United States.Two notable cases of COVID- occurred in Santa Clara County, California: one in a woman who became ill on January  and died on February  and another in an unrelated man who died at home between February  and . Neither had traveled internationally in the weeks preceding their deaths.Outbreaks of COVID- occurred during two consecutive voyages of a Grand Princess cruise ship (). The genomic sequence of viruses from these outbreaks was within the Washington State clade, suggesting that a passenger or crew member infected with that virus was aboard the ship when it left the Port of San Francisco on February  for a round-trip cruise. Then we have pic related, so we can see that clearly the D variant is the most common in Washington since if we're counting the chinks genomes in that way, we should count all of them that way.https://www.biorxiv.org/content/./...v.full.pdfDG mutation is recognized by monoclonal antibodies isolated from recovered individuals, who had been infected with the original SARS-CoVThe earliest DG mutation in Europe was identified in Germany, and it was accompanied by the C-to-T mutation at ,, but not by the mutation at ,. The origin of the G clade, the G form of the virus was also found  times in China among early samples

your pic shows massive prevalence of G after like, end of March or so
If it's using actin for it it's not just an overall similarity, but it's not just endocytosis, is it?Actin is a protein used to maintain the shape of a cell. It is like the skeleton of a cell.In endocytosis, actin helps to create the invagination leading to the endocytosis. Thus, actin is not a very specific protein... In fact, I don't know if an anctin-indepent endocytosis mechanism has been thoroughly demonstrated.And to be clear, the virus does not bind directly to actin. So, overall, an actin-depent endocytosis is not something unique for viruses... it is in fact what is expected for bio-molecule of this size. So no, it doesn't show any surprising similarity between this  viruses.On another notes. You should be very careful when you interpret cellular uptake experiments. Indeed, in cellular assays, the cells have a D organization... which is extremely different than a D (organization in living organisms)! Especially in term of membrane proteins and uptake.In addition, the cell lines are usually well established cell lines. Which means, cells who proliferate indefinitely, or in other words, cancerous cells. And cancerous cells are very different than normal cells, especially when it come about uptake.
why does cvg still exist lol
because you touch yourself at night thinking of Xi's cocksucking lips
based
The unexpected features may help SARS-CoV- hide from the immune system and survive longer in the environment. They may also have implications for vaccine and therapeutic development.Intriguingly, they also found that the spike protein sometimes goes from its original "before" shape into the "after" form prematurely, without the virus binding to the ACE receptor.Being able to assume this alternate shape even without binding to a cell may help keep SARS-CoV- viable in the environment, preventing it from breaking down when it lands on a surface for example. That could explain why the virus appears to remain viable on various surfaces for hours to days.The postfusion shape could induce antibodies that do not neutralize the virus. In effect, the spikes in this form may act as decoys that distract the immune system."We propose that there are two routes for the conformational changes. One is ACE dependent, and allows the virus to enter a host cell. The second is ACE independent.""The researchers speculate that having some spikes assume the post-fusion form prematurely may also protect SARS-CoV- from our immune system, inducing antibodies that are non-neutralizing and ineffective in containing the virus."Article:https://archive.vn/MxCPaper:https://archive.is/NyRhfSo here we can see that /ourgirl/ actually doesn't need a trigger, since she can switch how much she wants between the two positions at will.So why do you keep saying that the chinks aren't showing the same? Mind you, all but one D genome is from Wuhan here.https://nextstrain.org/ncov/global?c=gt-S_&dmin=--&f_country=China
Good explanation
https://jvi.asm.org/content///Uptake of Rabies Virus into Epithelial Cells by Clathrin-Mediated Endocytosis Depends upon ActinBut some seem to do that you know, and considering the homologies between the spike proteins as you saw in that post, yeah.But I do understand your point and will take that in mind, I just tend to get very giddy the more homology one finds.

What, so the family can get infected too?
So here we can see that /ourgirl/ actually doesn't need a trigger, since she can switch how much she wants between the two positions at will.Btw, what is your education level?To my knowledge, many proteins can switch between different positions... it is just a question of equilibrium.If a part of a protein is too flexible, the human immune system will probably target another specific position.I don't want to be pretentious. But we should not over-interpret studies. Especially on covid-, because there is so many publication, sometimes from people far from the field.

Btw, what is your education level?Your fucking mom. Go read the research instead of being a cunt, it's also interestingly enough that the other part seems to bind to something else, which is most likely nAChR and has the SAg like properties, and just like fucking RGP it even has the antibody neutralizing properties. In the same way, but you're just gonna keep disagreeing with me, you're gonna try and sound all high and mighty without even ever looking at the research.I mean, if we're supposed to be wary of the research and not over-interpret studies, remember that DG is all in vitro and while it did become the dominant one, there's recombination that needs to be accounted for and in vivo, like with the minks, we've seen  D transmissions to humans and  G, not that big of a difference.So wouldn't you agree on that fact? That we should take the, still non peer-reviewed after months, research of DG with a grain of salt?
k dead in NYCwill any state or country top that?
Record numbers of coronavirus cases in every global regionAlmost  countries have reported record single-day increases in coronavirus infections over the past week, around double the number that did so the previous week, according to a Reuters tally showing a pick-up in the pandemic in every region of the world.The rate of cases has been increasing not only in countries like the United States, Brazil and India, which have dominated global headlines with large outbreaks, but in Australia, Japan, Hong Kong, Bolivia, Sudan, Ethiopia, Bulgaria, Belgium, Uzbekistan and Israel, among others. http://archive.is/hen

nvm some countries do. NYC has deaths like a country though.
Moar updates:-  new death in Hong Kong-  new cases and  new death in Austria-  new cases in Singapore- , new cases and  new deaths in Indonesia - , new cases and  new deaths in the Philippines- , new cases and  new deaths in India
How do people not see that locking down the globe because of the chink lung aids was just a big meme? Look at Netherlands for example. They’ve been mostly open and look at the stats. I expected more from a globohomo psyop. We went from watching those vods of chinks dropping dead back in January to nobody I know irl having the virus.

Actually the second wave is starting to hit and nobody wants to wear masks and socially distance anymore.
locking down the globethere is no globe , earth is flat there is no space , no giant balls in imaginary space ...It does not exist . It is a fake hoax like corona virus ...
Stats tell me that this ‘second wave’ is either complete bullshit caused by testing or only zoomers are getting sick and no one's dying because they’re not unhealthy or  years old.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YDLvbfMmsQJews lie to you dummy , there is no virus! does not exist ....
jew rats detected
Checked
What virus? Show me evidence, that there is corona virus? How you identify corona virus?  Does corona virus have jew sign on it?  Can you see corona virus with electronic microscope? If it is that small, how does your mask “protects” you? The Empirical evidence, also known as sensory experience, is the knowledge received by means of the senses, particularly by observation and experimentation.Can you provide evidence of suggested to imagine corona virus, to the judge in the court? Your decisions to restrict peoples activities, caused harm, that you need to restore, compensate peoples loses. Court will be Popular Peoples Congresses as a highest democratic institution, that legally exist by the Rule of the People – that what Greek word ’democracy’ means. Local people gather together in a circle of equals, to share vital information, in order to serve life.Every single person, who have participated in a criminal swindle corona, will be hunted down and pay for harm done to society. https://youtu.be/XZySyfAW << solutions Creating a New World - Free from economic slaveryhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feWGyKjgfcRule of the People by Popular Peoples Congress https://www.bitchute.com/video/RsyMlHXVEy/
mind swindlersNo news are good news

We all was told, that we fly around sun on the ball and in a opposite side of sun after  month we still can see anti-Semitic truth https://i.pinimg.com/x//f/b/fbaefeeaafcab--four-seasons-outer-space.jpg =Oo what? is that means, that we do not flying any where ? So how it is anti-Semitic?https://www.bitchute.com/video/qlbkJZcnRSYm/ Can we observe that earth is flat? Yes. https://duckduckgo.com/?q=view+from+the+airplane&t=lm&atb=v-&iax=images&ia=images Can we measure ? Yes, but only those who have technical awareness how to do that. Commercial airplanes fly laser straight lines, according to the tool gyroscope, that keeps drift from rigid point in space, that confirms flat ground under all over from Europe to Australia. So earth is continents surrounded by flat surface of water? Yes. Observe able ? Yes. Measurable? not by every baboon, but yes. Ok. lets check the Ball. It is observable ? No Can we measure if "curvature" is correct ? No, no one have find yet any curvature = no ball sorry CGI pictures and fake videos are real. Take your time to see.Fire work rockets real and $. billion from tax payers pockets real.But how about "space" ? As real as Godzilla we all sow it on the screen, right? =O)https://youtu.be/tDRrraHSubmarines vs. ISS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZLZngcQFCJA https://youtu.be/XnHteAYFQ
It didn't happen to me personally, therefore it doesn't exist.
This is the dumbest shit I've ever seen in my life.
this is correct. we've increased testing by a lot, now also testing anyone with symptoms rather than just those in risk groups. now the majority of new confirmed cases are young people with mild symptoms. still only % of tests are positive

We went from watching those vods of chinks dropping deadVideos that are almost all years old at the time of corona.
Anti lockdown people in this board are so ignorant that I'm starting to thing they are shills pretending to be freedom fighters so smart people will defend the lockdowns. Nobody I know IRL has the Wuflu
Sounds pretty similar to Spain. Since the government centralized the control during the first wave (with terrible results), they are now giving control to the autonomous communities while ignoring any responsibility.
Covid is a lie
The government has frozen the number of people affected, btw. The official numbers talk about  dead, while other public organisms estimate something around -.
Lockdowns are useless. https://covid.healthdata.org/sweden
Oh Look, anotrher day gone and the 3 Gorges Dam is still here.
So why use an old photo?Worried Chang?
When you are such an attention seeking faggot that you can't just write a comment on the actual thread lmao.

CHINA #!!!!!!!!
Just because the British empire is still there doesn't mean they didn't get BTFO on every god damn continent. Drink your tea, it's in my bay Gorges Damnmil displaced lol.  of how many providences flooded? This bitch was made to collapse and wasn't even attached to bedrock. No cunt is saying the Hoover damn is going to break. No cunt is counting on the Burj Khalifa to fall over. You're retarded. Pay your tax for you TV and get off chan.
Also Tiananmen Square riots whatever the anti commie chant is to get rid of these bug people is.
I hate to be this guy butITS HAPPENINGDEFCON KIM JONG UN PRESS CONFERENCE SOON
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qePRHcpSuA
Hi chang. Thats a very outdated photo of the dam you got there :)
Meme magic is real, /pol/ is only praying to destroy the dam, see trump  election and coronavirus, both things where shilled here A LOT
you mad, chang?
My  year old grandma is still here also.
Everything is fine Dam will holdPic related
the schlomos will never stop shilling, at this point its hilarious
it's there until it's not, ching-chong. here's a pic from a couple months ago. it's only gotten worse since then
Why would anyone even REMOTELY conservative be catholic in current year?pope is a leftist faggothalf of the cardinals are leftist faggotsmembers of the clergy openly promote leftism and nothing happens to them Like dude, catholic history is cool and all, crusades and thomas aquinas and shit, but it's over. And no, being a sedevacantist or "resisting" is just a mental cope that makes no sense.
After returning from military training under Covid I realized how pathetic the Catholic Church is. Never looking back.
Nicene Christianity. st edition is the only way to roll
how was it?
pope is a leftist faggotwronghalf of the cardinals are leftist faggotsSo? FSSP & co make up a disproportionate amount of young priests.
I just pray to God in private now. Simplest way. Feels great, too. Fuck the Catholic church. They lost their way a long, long time ago.
wingfags get the rope
pope is a leftist faggotwrongHe's a full blown communist. Even if he's not an actual faggot he hasn't lifted a finger to cleanse the ranks of those vow breaking degenerates.
He's a full blown communist.Prove it.
Catholic Church is in crisis. All popes after Pius XII have not been valid and neither was the Vatican II council. The Church need you more than ever. The Gates of Hell will never prevail against Her, The Bride of Christ be he is certainly trying his best. Stay strong brothers. Pray for Strength, and Wisdom. We will need both to fend off the evil that has interrupted our Church.
washes nigger feet because of white guilt and is pro mass immigrationvisits leftist dictatorships while talking shit about governments that slightly lean rightmuh oppressed lgbtyeah, sure lol
pope is a leftist faggothalf of the cardinals are leftist faggotsmembers of the clergy openly promote leftism and nothing happens to themCatholic dogma is what matters and no Pope or Cardinal can change it. Denounce the heresies and join a solid traditionalist group. It's what a lot of good Catholics are doing.
crusadesPope Urban II the pope who started the crusades to free the "Holy Land" was Jewish....Surprise.The Temple-R-Us Knights were their version of the modern Goy soldier dying for Zog/IsraelTHE DARK HISTORY OF THE TEMPLARShttps://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sociopolitica/templars/knights_templars.htmThe Templar were Butt Brothers.The Templars' confessions made references to perverted sexual practices. Homosexuality was rife between the Knights.It is said that the Templars' official seal symbolizes this kind of relationship.
 After this many of his disciples went back; and walked no more with him. Then Jesus said to the twelve: Will you also go away? And Simon Peter answered him: Lord, to whom shall we go? thou hast the words of eternal life. And we have believed and have known, that thou art the Christ, the Son of God.There is no where else to go. The Catholic Church is the only Church with the Tradition, Sacraments and Magisterium given all of its power by the Lord Jesus Christ. To where shall we go for there is nowhere for us to go.
Nicene ChristianityI prefer Chalcedonian . worked out the most glaring bugs
This, both churches are in disarray, but the Latin church is and has been facing a crisis.
 T. King Louie of France
Because the visible "church" isn't the Catholic Church. The Catholic Church is the sum of all true traditional Catholics.Francis Borgolio isn't a valid pope he is antipope. Just because there are antipopes or heretics/apostates larping in the visible church doesn't mean abandoning Christianity is the right thing to do.Extra Ecclesiam Nulla Salus. Prots, Orthodogs, Jews, Atheists, and Muslims all go to hell.
catholoids get the rope when
Denying the One True Church just because it's being infiltrated by all sorts of evil people and organizations so now it doesn't look cool anymore to your political and utilitarian worldviews and you cant larp with it anymore, instead of fighting even harder to ward off the evil that has been attacking it.He changes religion depending on what looks cool to him and fits his worldview like a glove, acting like an absolute relativist thus being no better than the worst of commiesYou're weak cowards, dumbfucks who never truly understood catholicism to begin with and are surely going to hell with that brainlet mentality.eat lead and drink bleach, you niggers.Based. Amen, brother.
Did God not grant you a soul and a reasoned mind to see it? Truth will always be truth, even if the book in which it was written crumbles to dust.
Why would anyone even REMOTELY conservative be catholic in current year?Why would anyone even REMOTELY conservative be Christian in current year? Especially since Christianity is a Jewish immigrant religion.
it is still the one true church even as it rots from withinTalk about brainlet mentality
Take the independent fundamental Baptist pill. True Chads and adherents to Gods only word, the KJV. Queers need not apply.
Popes come and go. The next pope will be from Africa and then they’ll return to Italian/European popes
The Church can never rot. Just as nothing tainted can enter heaven. If a person loses the faith, becomes a heretic/apostate they are no longer in the church.Most of the people who identify as Catholics today aren't Catholics they're Protestants larping as Catholics. They don't believe the dogmas, they don't hold the faith they are not by the church definition Catholic.Vaticancatholic.com
Please hurry up and start martyr me already! I just want to be with God and leave this sinful world! You people always talk about killing us well get to it I am ready!
Bump. I only go to my local church to just socialize but it's better to pray by yourself. I've felt much better and closer to God once I started praying and reading the Bible by myself.
because it's being infiltrated by all sorts of evil people Is it "infiltrated"? Who said that? Because people who have actually authority in the church don't think that. Why should anyone believe you?so now it doesn't look cool anymore to your political and utilitarian worldviews and you cant larp with it anymoreYou're the larper, nice projection. "The church is totally cool and traditional because I said so. It doesn't matter if the pope says I have to drink nigger's cum". and fits his worldview like a gloveIt doesn't need to fit like a glove, it needs to be decent. When it repeats leftist rhetoric word for word then it doesn't classify as decent anymore.and are surely going to hell Oh nooo i'm going to bad place, i'm so afraid waa ;-; :(((, should've kissed Jamal's feet like the church taught me to. I don't believe in anything, but the catholic church is so blatantly bad, so blatantly pozzed, it makes me wonder.
There are definitely traditionalist groups. I ran into a guy at a bar who was familiar with E.Michael Jones and attends the Latin Mass.
As a baptist, often demonized by catholics, I say fuck off! I don't like the current pope, don't agree with catholic doctrine, but to hell with D&C anti-christian BS!
Because you can be against mass migration just following the Bible. As example:Mass migrants are cheated to pay Big money to human's smugglers to find "paradise" and all they find is ti pick up the harvest fucking local workers. Wouldn't It be better to have their local nations improved?Here you go. This is how you can be catholich and not a lefty Bonus point: Catholicism condemns heavily the adultery. It's society leavign religion which leads to clown world
Another bonus point:Leftys here hates the Church.
half of the cardinals are leftist faggotsYou incurable optimist!What I wanna know is who was the jew that blackmailed Ratzinger to leave as a Pope, it only happened one other time in  years!!!!
Catholicism condemns heavily the adultery. It's society leavign religion which leads to clown worldBecause the Catholic Church is weak and pathetic and does almost nothing to fight against progressivism. Instead they should be explicitly, courageous, saying "you don't belong here if you do this shit". The entire Catholic church should be like the SSPX. Leftys here hates the Church.Here too. But guess what, a lot of catholics are lefties and lot of the clergy is lefty despite that. Okay, so fuck the baptist church too. Are you satisfied now?
It's because it is real church.fuck politics, religion comes first.
Pope Urban II the pope who started the crusades to free the "Holy Land" was JewishHonestly, did you just pull that right out of your ass?
Based and sede pilled
washes nigger feet because of white guilt and is pro mass immigrationThe washes feet is an old cerimony and have nothing yo do with white guilt, you retarded macaco.
Brasil-chan you need to understand. You live in a place where the Catholic Church was openly infiltrated by Commies. Go look up liberation theology. The rest of the Catholic world is in a bad state but you are in the worst of the worst.
To me, it's all of institutional Christianity that is fucked. They all went along with retarded covid hysteria and willingly shut their doors down due to fear of a flu. I've been organizing house meetings and Bible studies because it's decentralized and under the radar. Christians in America and the west should start thinking like persecuted minorities because that's what we are. When you can go to communist rallies in mass numbers but can't meet to pray, it is by design. It's to persecute you for your faith. So we can't depend on institutions anymore. We can only depend on Christ and our fellow Christians. And I think the best way to do that is to meet in secret in each other's homes the way the early church did.
Search for trad catholics. I'm done with you, dumbfuck.
This most of the shit /pol/ comes at Catholics with is either misunderstood, taken out of context, made up, conspiracy shit or just plain retarded.
The church turned the second the leftists hinted at making a certain orientation legal.
Because Catholics are the only denomination who, by and large, actually care about architecture.But the papacy is fucked. I'm holding out for a real pope. If they elect a nigger or another spic commie I think I'll just leave.
The early Church still has priests and Sacraments. They weren't just meeting to study the scripture. They were holding Mass on altars in those catacombs. Though I hear and feel the sentiment. My Church is open at the moment but I am if things go a certain way well yeah...
most young priests are extremely devoted to Christ and the Church, many are very traditionalcelebration of the Latin Mass is growing, so much that even Bishop Barron has to take notice of italmost every new bishop is more traditional, some younger archbishops are very traditional indeed (like Archbishop Sample in Portland)old faggoty generation that protected pedophiles continues to die off in drovesPope Francis is not nearly as left-wing and commie as most mainstream media sources think he is, constantly upholds the Doctrine and Dogma of the Churchvocations to the priesthood are rising, so are women who want to be nuns and men who want to be monks.If this were ten years ago it would be fine to be pessimistic about the Catholic Church. But where have you been for the past decade, OP? Have you been paying attention? Are you just a memer who looks at headlines? Because if you weren't, you'd realize that things are actually looking up for the Church these days. There are strong signs that the night is almost over and the dawn is coming soon.
Nigger is actually our best hope to save the Church in our lifetime. The Africans were all converted by Arch Bishop Lefebvre who created the SSPX they are Trad as fuck especially since they have to live near Muslims all the time.Funny thing you notice it is the Bishops who live around Muslims who are the most Trad. Wonder why?
When you are deprived of preists and sacraments, you have nothing but baptism and the word. This is how many Korean and Japanese Catholics worshipped during persecution. If you can find a preist who will come to your house, even better. But if not, we have to stay fed somehow.
This guy gets it. Furthermore, Catholicism is not limited to the USA - I would argue that some of the most leftist and cancerous Catholicism exists in the anglosphere
Agree %. I just wanted to make sure we were clear. Modernist like to make shit up about the early Church for their agenda.
On a tangent, I've realized the Muslims are not necessarily our enemies. Islamic societies "barbarism" is perhaps a defense mechanism for the exact shit we see happening in our society. Also / Arabs are redpilled about Israel.
I still haven't even listened a single priest telling people to vote commies. They do say the opposite:" we don't believe in bloody revolutions".Anyhow: churches here are EMPTY. When i go on Sunday there is % old people and just a few youngs. Stop blamming the Church for society's sins
I haven't seen a nun in like  years mate no way those cunts are growing.
Female priests? Nope.Gay priests? Nope.Protestants have both.
Right. Thanks, Polandbro. But I focus on America because I am, myself, an American, and because I know that the true Satanic rot, the woke cancer, the LGBTQ Satantic bullshit, emanates from us. We, we Americans, must confront this, because it comes from us and it leaks out into the rest of the world, including into your country. The Satanic faggot pedophile nonsense must be combated HERE, in my country. And so it is very good news that the Church in the United States is looking like it is up to the task. We are recovering from our devastation over the past  years. We are starting to have good priests and good bishops again, and though many have left our ranks, when the clergy and the hierarchy are good, the ranks of the laity grow. The evil in the world right now emanates from the United States, so it will be up to American Catholics to combat it.Well, us and the French. Fun fact: after the United States, France is the country with the highest amount of priests celebrating the Latin Mass. I like to think it will be France that saves the world, in the end. Isn't there some prophecy about a great French Catholic king?
Except he did it for a black muslim on purpose to show the world how tolerant he is, you stupid negroid piece of shit. fuck politics, religion comes first.Yeah, because religion has nothing to do with politics :) Temperature room IQ subhuman. Search for trad catholicsSearch for this minuscule group in the church and pretend the rest doesn't exist. Then why aren't they punished? Popes come here all the time, are you saying they don't know about it? If they know and don't do jackshit, then they are complicit. Also don't pretend the situation isn't bad everywhere. Many american bishops say they are fighting systemic racism now. It's everywhere.Kek.You know the situation is bad when your solution is waiting for leftists to die so things might change. "They subverted the church for  years as a priest, but he might die someday so it's fine!"So it's just the whole latin america, anglosphere and big part of western europe that is compromised, good to know the rest of the world I don't give a fuck about is doing great.
The church has been infiltrated. They wouldn’t try to infiltrate and destroy fucking Scientology would they? No reason not to remain catholic and wait for the cleanup
Catholicism in America is spread just like its politics. The Big Cities are all filled with Commie loving gay lobbying bishops save a very few examples. Meanwhile the more rural parts of the country have more tradition loving Bishops with the FSSP having a seminary in Nebraska. more years the worst of the rot will be purged. As for the rest of the Church I can not say can only speak for the US Church.
hurr the sins of mortal men change the truth of the teachings of Christplease stop being a brainlet
Cardinal Sarah is unironically the best hope for the Catholic Church. He is trad at and has denounced mass migration of Africans to Europe for instance
Isn't Brazil being overtaken by a wave of neoconservatism right now? With love of Jews and Israel skyrocketing? You could use some Catholicism to set you straight little monkey.
vaticancatholic.com will change ur mind
No reason not to remain catholic and wait for the cleanupWait for how much? Another  years?It's not about sins. I don't give a fuck if some priest fuck whores after the mass is over. But if he explicitly comes out to spout a bunch of degenerate leftist bullshit and nothing happens to him, then it's your church itself that is infected and it needs to go.Neoconservative is pathetic too, but it can't be compared to leftism. A stupid dog fucker like you wouldn't know.
Neoconservative is pathetic too, but it can't be compared to leftism.That's the inner monkey in you speaking. Soon Bolsonaro will start talking about how Israel is Brazil's greatest ally, and how Brazilians need to go defend Israel alongside Americans.
Imagine being catholic and fully submitting to avoiding the use of condoms instead of secretly using them. I met a huge coal burner that couldn't stop having kids because she couldn't just secretly use a fucking condom. It's like thinking Christian's can't masturbate and that we're not all sinners. Catholics are the worst kind of retarded.
As others have said, the younger generation of priests are fucking based. They are a lot more respectable and traditional than the boomer faggots. Many coming out of FSSP and SSPX are even redpilled on the JQ. Catholic Education in Australia has been an absolute joke for decades, with brainlet teachers who aren’t even practicing Catholics shoving all sorts of SJW shit down kids throats. At least in New South Wales this has started to change, and the Catholic curriculum now includes a lot more cool shit about crusades, the church’s history and its traditions. The real church will rise again frens.
Masturbation is a sin.
I get my knowledge of the Catholic Church from the same press that wants me to hate TrumpThe Pope isnt leftist and everything you 'read' about the Church is generated by a media that hates the Church.Stop being a sucker.
wasting your precious seed on thots for  seconds of impulsive pleasureAbsolutely degenerate
I do love hearing a talk by one of them and they get to a part where you just know they want to say Jewish question and they sort of get a smirk on their face.
Or it's like never texting and driving because it's a law and you're too much of a pussy to break laws once in awhile. I can't imagine the lives of these people. I met another catholic girl that I ended up fucking because her husband was super beta and collected action figures and never had a job. She got BTFO by anyone that wondered why she continued having kids with that idiot. Never made sense. They are eternally retarded.
Yes it is! That doesn't mean every Christian stops doing it though like I said. If you're afraid to sin you mind as well just stay inside the rest of your life. That's my fuckin point.
Jesus established the church hundreds of years before then. Catholic dogma is what mattersYou heathens need to start saying "the Word of God is what matters" because your dogma is flawed and misguided.The Catholic Church is the only Church with the Tradition, Sacraments and MagisteriumNone of those save you. You are saved by grace through faith. Truth.
Everyone sins fren. The rules against degeneracy are not arbitrary though, they are in place for a reason though. The church’s fathers knew the damaging effects of submitting oneself to impulsive physical pleasure rather than to sacrifice and pursuit of holiness.
So convert to Protestantism, the watered-down form of Christianity that's BARELY a step above atheism? No. Fucking. THANKS.
The church’s fathersMatthew :And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven.
You're not refuting my main point because you know it's true. Tons of people masturbate and break laws that doesn't mean they're all going to hell. It's not like Jesus said don't use a condom but they're so obsessed with authority that they blindly make stupid choices not because of Jesus but because a hierarchical group of priests and popes told them not to. Imagine how boring their life is.
catholics are just as bad if not worse than jewsand the average muslim is so stupid you can't help but have some sympathycathfags are consistently the worst people i've met IRL
convert to protestantismchecked
this fucking argument againCommon sense tells us that Jesus wasn’t forbidding this type of use of the word “father.” To forbid it would rob the address “Father” of its meaning when applied to God, for there would no longer be any earthly counterpart for the analogy of divine Fatherhood. The concept of God’s role as Father would be meaningless if we obliterated the concept of earthly fatherhood.
Or become an atheist, what's the difference?
The clergy of Roman Catholicism are more retarded and anti-biblical than hinduism and buddhism on the upper levels of nothingness.Just read the popes tweets its like he divines them from the skid marks in his underwear every morning.roman catholicism in practice is a bull dyke lesbian rape cult that uses alzheimers old men as a front in dresses as priests.
Based
But in this case they're not sinning because they're a married couple. They're just blindly following hierarchies like lemmings. If they can't use a simple condom then maybe they shouldn't be having sex. They can't afford the children either.
are you currently using drugs, schizo?
Same they're the dumbest people I've ever met. It literally attracts idiots like flies.
they really are pumping out retards over in catholic land aren't they?
Common sense tells us that Jesus wasn’t forbidding this type of use of the word “father.” I literally just quoted Jesus and you're trying to tell me your "common sense" trumps the Word of God? You're lost.
Your point is that people who break laws don’t always go to hell. That’s right, because otherwise there would be literally zero people in heaven. The difference lies in whether you are humble enough to accept your imperfections and seek forgiveness for your wrongdoings. And sorry but wanking to hentai six times a day does not = a fulfilling life
https://twitter.com/Pontifex/status/imagine knowing nothing about scripture and having this individual as your source of information on how it all works.
Holy shit you fucking retardHe was kissing black men’s feet specifically as part of a pro refugee showKill yourself immediately, Catholic shill
You didn’t mention the rampant child raping
why does the average normie cath soccer mom go to great ends to promote the idea that other religions are valid and everyone can go to heaven if they're good meanwhile LARPing crusaderanons preach hellfire for every nonbeliever?at least there's consistency amongst protestant theology, which is that there is one way to heaven and it's through accepting jesus as your lord and savior and repenting of your sins.catholics are fucked in the head every which way and are completely inconsistent.
You gotta stop thinking in those terms. Situations dictate originational structures. Institutions are made up of people. I think Catholics get involved with magical thinking. They believe that the church will one day see a Renaissance because it's God's church. But institutions are made up by men and can be destroyed. Even the church of Rome. Face it, it was nice while it lasted but we need different institutions now. Rome is irredeemable at this point. All we have is each other. There is not gonna be a pope again who restores order.
Idk ive never been religious but the Catholic church is by far the least respectable and most gay.
Bait posts like this make me want to double my efforts to preserve and defend the holy Catholic Church. We have endured for millennia because we are the true faith. We are the guiding light of Europe and we are the core of what made Western Civilization great. May the Father, Son and Holy Spirit find their way into your heart. I will pray to the Blessed Mother that Jesus’ love and sacrifice can resonate with you. You may not understand the message now, but when you are ready to come home, the Church will be there for you.
I live in a rural area and we had a huge pedo scandal in our diocese. The cancer has spread everywhere.
I only wank to women I've met in real life. You're not gonna believe this but some of them feel it too. I've had some of them come up to me the next day and be very friendly lol. I also have a supercharged imagination due to autism so if you believe your thoughts affect reality it takes you down a rabbit hole. I might go to hell for it but idk.
not understanding contextJesus criticized Jewish leaders who love “the place of honor at feasts and the best seats in the synagogues, and salutations in the market places, and being called ‘rabbi’ by men” (Matt. :–). He was using hyperbole to show the scribes and Pharisees how sinful and proud they were for not looking humbly to God as the source of all authority and fatherhood and teaching, and instead setting themselves up as the ultimate authorities. Jesus is not forbidding us to call men “fathers” who actually are such—either literally or spiritually. He is warning people against inaccurately attributing fatherhood—or a particular kind or degree of fatherhood—to those who do not have it.
you forgot all the kiddy diddling
Jesus criticized Jewish leadersNo he criticized hypocrisy. If you're going to quote context, quote the full context:Matthew  Then spake Jesus to the multitude, and to his disciples, Saying The scribes and the Pharisees sit in Moses' seat: All therefore whatsoever they bid you observe, that observe and do; but do not ye after their works: for they say, and do not. For they bind heavy burdens and grievous to be borne, and lay them on men's shoulders; but they themselves will not move them with one of their fingers. But all their works they do for to be seen of men: they make broad their phylacteries, and enlarge the borders of their garments, And love the uppermost rooms at feasts, and the chief seats in the synagogues, And greetings in the markets, and to be called of men, Rabbi, Rabbi. But be not ye called Rabbi: for one is your Master, even Christ; and all ye are brethren. And call no man your father upon the earth: for one is your Father, which is in heaven. Neither be ye called masters: for one is your Master, even Christ. But he that is greatest among you shall be your servant. And whosoever shall exalt himself shall be abased; and he that shall humble himself shall be exalted.
I don't really listen to what the Pope says anymore, I just kinda pray and live by the morals that I've been taught. It's extremely disappointing to see that the church is trying to interfere with the state now-a-days as well.
A church whose clergy consists entirely of mating rejectsall of whom have something to say about how you should reproduce and conduct your familyand then they want your childrenEw, nope.
It's not about sins. I don't give a fuck if some priest fuck whores after the mass is over. But if he explicitly comes out to spout a bunch of degenerate leftist bullshit and nothing happens to him, then it's your church itself that is infected and it needs to go.You're not very well educated on history, are you? There have been popes openly advocating for x the degeneracy as this one.
Follow true path, not weak and meek faggots.
Join based Orthodoxy, Catholic bros in Christ
I respect the Orthodox church for being one of the original, not watered-down denominations of Christianity (coughcoughProtestantismcoughcough)...but, I see no reason to be anything other than Catholic. Sorry.
Reflection moment, memeflaggot?
Being a Catholic these days involves sifting through a lot of garbage. There's a lot of people who will tell you that you need to believe in everything the Pope says, or an archbishop, or even your priest. They're just authoritarians who get exposed whenever there's a trendy error, their evil used for good.There's also a great wild of new "doctrines" promoted by one person or another, often inspired by their interpretation of a private revelation they read once. The actual doctrine is much more sedate, Mary is the Mother of God, not an anime power level character who's female Arian Jesus who could beat up anybody.You've practically got to be a theologian to pick through the errors you'll see on the internet or from guys like James Martin, SJ. Stick with the good stuff from the past, not the crap that makes the Pope's most questionable statements look good.
I respect your Church
Honestly, does anyone else legitimately feel better about the Catholic Church than about any particular nation or country in the West, or the Christian world?So many so-called Christian countries are brutally pozzed. Christian Europe is basically totally lost, as is Christian North America, and Christian South America isn't far behind.But the Church itself? The Church has been hit with the worst of things and it is still standing, and there are multiple signs that it is now beginning to strongly recover. The Church will be fine. Within  years the Catholic Church will recover from all the damage the th Century did to it.And then the Church is going to have to do what it did when Rome fell in the West: it's going to have to rebuild a collapsed civilization. The Church will survive its catastrophe, but the West will not. Oh, well. We've rebuilt civilization before. We'll do it again. By the grace of God.
Crusaders massacred jews, muslims treated them far better. They always have.
Honestly, does anyone else legitimately feel better about the Catholic Church than about any particular nation or country in the West, or the Christian world?Honestly, I was starting to feel slightly "doom and gloom"-ish about the church, even though I refuse to be anything other than Catholic...but it was this very thread that made me realize that brighter times are ahead.
Soros is that jew
Let,s end the schism. Like Saint-Marie said to the pope to do at the  sisters Fatima
Have absolutely no fear, Catholic friend. Brother in Christ, have no fear and have no despair. Pray the Rosary every single day, and love the Church, and love the Pope, and above all, love Jesus Christ, the one true God of the World.Because we will see the beautiful flower of a better Catholic Church in our lifetimes. And be grateful, because many of those who came before us had to toil in sin and wickedness and drudgery, just to build up what we will get to enjoy.
Bros -- Father Issac Reylea is most based / he names the jew, calls out global homo & puts the retarded pope on blast. This priest is the real deal , i'm shocked this board hasn't found him yet. After checking him out if the spirit compels you please share his videos. https://youtu.be/cIkMjkdGM
It's the nature of traditional thought to hold on to principles and not be twisting in the wind. Jumping ship from God's own church because some faggots and leftoids managed to sneak in and almost immediately overplayed their hand and btfo'd themselves doesn't make you anything but a dupe.
implying the Pope is the actual head of the EcumeneRetarded macaco
Check out link on top
almost immediatelyOn the timescale of the Church this might as well be true.You know the old meme "the Catholic Church thinks in centuries"? It's absolutely true. These faggots, these fuckers, thought they could uproot and wreck all this shit, and do it all in a few decades, not realizing the crushing, powerful weight of  years of history bearing down on them. The Modernists and the heretics thought they could beat this Church, when it hasn't been beaten before? When Diocletian, the worst of the Roman Emperors, couldn't beat it? When Napoleon himself couldn't beat it?
You heathens need to start saying "the Word of God is what matters" because your dogma is flawed and misguided.The Bible itself never states that the Truth is to be found in the Bible, nor only in the Bible. Neither does the Bible state which books should be part of the Bible. Catholics believe that the Bible is the Word of God because the Catholic Church guarantees that it is, and because only the Catholic Church has the authority to do so, since it is the institution that Jesus Christ Himself founded. Protestants, on the other hand, cannot justify their belief.
That's because sodomites infiltrated the church. Your kids hive a higher rate of being molested in public school than the church - all to most due to sodomites.
Our Lady Saint-Marie appeared to  child in Portugal in the ish. She said  secret to be delivered to the pope. One of them was that if Russia wasn't consecrated into the Church (Catrholic and Orthodox- to end their schismAnd she said after that if Russia wasn't consecrate, she (Russia) will spread her mistake across the world. Her mistake was Marxism and communism.First secret: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FQZTnFQFuUSecond secret:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FDbVlFqCQYThird secret:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=prcIi_emsAll the stuff from Dr. Marshall is really good. Bless his soul. He is based and redpilled
why wouldn't you join a child molestation cult that holds the threat of hell over your head unless you pay money to escape it (lol)I dunno, IQ over  and dont live in flip flop nation, de silva?
Anon have you ever heard of Father Issac Reylea? https://youtu.be/cIkMjkdGM
You know, I find it interesting how the Virgin Mary said nothing about Nazism (as far as I know), but she had a HELL of a lot to say about Communism.
The sodomites infiltrated the church & public schools. Your child has a higher rate of being molested in a public school than a church ALL to most due to sodomites.
Although, I've heard Epstein had a picture of Pope John Paul II inside that miniature Jewish temple on his island...that makes me wonder.Oh well, just because he's MET the guy, doesn't mean they were "intimate" with each other.
on what moral foundation are you attacking catholicism? do you realize if you accomplished what you think you want to accomplish, you would have catholicism?
sodomites like...the catholic church? organized boy-fucking network?
wtf im Catholic now
If Russia was consecrate, it wouldn't of turned red-commie and then in Germany they wouldn't have been in a fight between the commie and the nazi. Basically she told the pope what to do to not embark this reality in a marxist world.
The pope is not a leftist, idk why people insist that he is.Like dude, catholic history is cool and all, crusades and thomas aquinas and shit, but it's over. And no, being a sedevacantist or "resisting" is just a mental cope that makes no sense.You have faith in something because you think it is legit, not to score points from some retarded secular ideology.
Communism came from Germany not Russia.
Communism came from Germany, but Russia was the first country to have an actual commie government.
But they were the first ones to implement it and spread it to the world.
No. Easternisms have absolutely nothing to do with the West.
Sodomites infiltrate all institutions with the intent on molesting children.
Serious question if I convert to catholicism can I fuck the kids who aren't confirmed yet?
Communism comes from jews & jews are everywhere
Are you a sodomite Anon because you talk & think like one.
Imagine being catholic and fully submitting to avoiding the use of condoms instead of secretly using them.You should not use a condom because it is a sin, and more importantly than that, you should not - EVER - have sex outside of marriage.If a woman is not using condom because the Church says so but is having sex outside of marriage she's going ot Hell anyway.
To be fair, modern "Jews" have more or less NOTHING to do with the ancient Israelites of Jesus' time. They're a bunch of Eastern European converts, while the descendants of the Israelites are Arabs now.That said, Jesus did speak out against the corruption of the Jewish establishment from his time.
i get it, it's like how freemasons can't be catholics but catholics can be freemasonswink and a nod
Remember a thing: the Devil exists. And he is well aware that the Church is the world's strength. He is focusing on destroying it so it's Moloch praisers can turn the world into their playground. In the end, the real Church will go back to the catacombs. Persecutions will go back as it were. People will die and the media will turn people's eyes away from it. But remember something: God is with us. He has been screaming to us from the very beginning of our relationship "DO NOT BE AFFRAID". He opened the Red Sea for Moses. He sent His Son to die for us. He is so in love with us that the Devil cringes in agony and envy and he is trying sooo hard to break is down. And he is using media, hate culture, leftism, marxism and nationalism to do so. Pray and don't fret, brothers. As we are bound to Heaven.
Why does it seem like atheists hate Catholicism more than other denominations of Christianity? They're always attacking it MUCH more viciously than Protestantism, or Orthodoxy.Personally, I think it's because it's not "watered-down" like Protestantism (and most of them know nothing about the Orthodox church.)
Shame non of them are valid priests. If the novus ordo lapsi think they can just go through this pretending nothing happened they have another thing coming
Prots - "call no man father"also Prots - "Hi Dad!"Matt :But you, do not be called ‘Rabbi’; for One is your Teacher, the Christ, and you are all brethren.Inb "But he said rabbi" - it means teacherIf I walked into a Baptist church an hour before it started I would find every one in a class with their Sunday school *gasp* teachers. Corinthians ::"For though you have countless guides in Christ, you do not have many fathers. For I became your father in Christ Jesus through the gospel."Is St. Paul now in error? Do you become a modern day Luther and try to strip out the inconvenient bits?
Rev :-
The modern Catholic church is worldwide oganization, full of dedicated young people with the shared belief and goal of fucking young boys in the ass.That is why i always donate and go to church.If you just start fucking young boys in the ass people get mad at you. You have to bring them church and tell them they will go to hell. And then have them donate money, then fuck their young boys in the ass and if they complain refund their money.It's really that simple. The people come, they donate, the clergy fuck the young boys in the ass, if parents dont like it they get a refund from our lawyers.
Popes come and go.
some popes help to fuck more young boys in the ass and that is why they must be canonized.
The Catholic Church is an institution I am bound to hold divine — but for unbelievers a proof of its divinity might be found in the fact that no merely human institution conducted with such knavish imbecility would have lasted a fortnight.
Reminder that you are lost, you have burned a saint.
Teachers are much more prone to rape boys than priests, but still i don't see many shills attacking them like they do with the catholic church. Why is it?
Because they don't actually care about the children being raped, they only care about destroying the church.
because people have a special trust for.....just kidding, it's cause the media is full of christ killing kikes
Why does it seem like atheists hate Catholicism more than other denominations of Christianity? They're always attacking it MUCH more viciously than Protestantism, or Orthodoxy.Because the Catholic Church itself is a sign of contradiction.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sign_of_contradiction
memeflagNoted...and disregarded.
Ok so the bloodline of Jesus would be the bloodline of the biblical Israelites according to scripture. Where did Jesus establish his church - in Europe so Europeans have the Israelites bloodline. Arabs are cannanites because Palestine & so called Israel is in historic land of cannan
Pope washed nigger feet, not for me.
Great quote by Hilaire Belloc.
Derp, I should have read the actual article before saying that. That'll teach me to jump to conclusions...
Catholics don't want to be free masons
I think you took my comment the wrong way.A sign of contradiction, in Catholic theology, is someone who, upon manifesting holiness, is subject to extreme opposition. The term is from the biblical phrase "sign that is spoken against", found in Luke : and in Acts :, which refer to Jesus Christ and the early Christians. Contradiction comes from the Latin contra, "against" and dicere, "to speak".According to Catholic tradition, a sign of contradiction points to the presence of Christ or the presence of the divine due to the union of that person or reality with God. In his book, Sign of Contradiction, John Paul II says that "sign of contradiction" might be "a distinctive definition of Christ and of his Church."[]
Sodomites infiltrated the church & do the mass majority of molestation. It's a sodomite problem...
I did take it the wrong way, and I apologize. I already addressed that, though.
It's all good.
Pope is a heretic
Neo-pagans call Christianity a "foreign" religion to Europe, but technically it's not foreign at all. It was established within the Roman Empire.
Pope Urban II the pope who started the crusades to free the "Holy Land" was JewishHonestly, did you just pull that right out of your ass?We can retrace the beginnings of the crusades to November , when Pope Urban II gathered the Council of Clermont. Three hundred members of the clergy convened under his chairmanship. The pacifist doctrines that had dominated Christendom were abandoned, laying the foundations for the conquest. At the close of the Council, Urban II announced this state of affairs in his famous speech to a congregation that comprised all social classes, demanding that Christians stop the infighting and warring among themselves. The Pope called on them-whether rich or poor, aristocrat or peasant-to unite under one banner and to free the holy land from the Muslims. To him, this was "a holy war."https://www.bibliotecapleyades.net/sociopolitica/templars/knights_templars.htm.......Bl. Urban II (-) Jewhttp://www.biblebelievers.org.au/malachy.htm
The fact that the pope is meant to be the infallible word of god means its always been fucked, this is just the final nailYou can never ignore this pope being an absolute faggot and kissing the feet of Muslim shitskin invaders, there is no retcon for the alleged will of god
Amen Brother.
This always makes me laugh. Christians made the mistake of trusting shitty Nietzschean power-worshippers like you because of common opposition to liberalism in the th century, and were stabbed in the back every single time. Then you ran wild, chimped out, burned down half of Europe, and delivered the whole world right to our common enemies. Nobody will make this mistake again and trust you just because we both oppose globohomo capitalism, and this is why. You can't help but signal that you're a mad dog who'll bite an open hand just as readily as your actual enemy.
I just did a literal translation of this passage from the vulgate: And will thee not to invoke your father over earth: for one is your father who is in heaven
It helps to go to church.
This pope is a heretic -- anyhow all popes are human & prone to mistakes. They're not infallible... They need to follow presidents given from Jesus to Peter & on & on...
The freemason and shriner types think they are Gods. They are everywhere. Jesus is King
They're always going on about how Christianity has mad Europe "weak" and Paganism is "strong," yet...Christianity completely decimated their religion back in the Middle Ages.
this, every pope after Pius XII has been a crypto-kike pedoBased
Anon checkout this priest he's / based. If you think he's the real deal please share his vidshttps://youtu.be/cIkMjkdGM
Anon they have no idea of basic history. Losing Christianity made western Europe the shithole it is today.
Besides, most of them don't even BELIEVE in the Pagan gods. They just pretend to.
 that's not real Catholisism What a fucking cope.
Not going to read through all of this. Just wondering, is this another thread were Atheists and Pagans try to deny Christ and shit on Christians?
Except the woman was married. She shat out about a dozen kids with her husband that they cannot afford due to her unwillingness to either stop fucking or use a condom. I know plenty of Catholics who do the same and they have the nerve to go to group therapy and ask what's wrong with them. You say wear a mask? I say wear. A. Fucking. Condom. Especially if you're married.
It's actually been pretty pro-Christian (or at least, pro-Catholic) for the most part, OP and a few idiots aside.
Basically the same reason Catholics were still Catholic during Rodrigo Borgia being the pope who was not even religious at allThey hope that a devout pope will come later, even though it never happens
I'm truly shocked. This must be because of the time it is. I've noticed that threads about religion between the hours of midnight and am, in US time, are usually a lot more pro God than morning and afternoon hours.
