Welcome to /pol/ - Politically Incorrect
Check the catalog before posting a new thread!
Reply to existing threads about a topic instead of starting a new one. New users who do not abide by this principle will be temporarily blocked from creating threads. Mods will delete obvious duplicate threads and spam without notice. Don't bitch because your twitter screencap thread got deleted; there are probably other threads about it. Go look!
Brit/pol/ - No Trannies edition
Free speech row over new hate crime bill in Scotlandwe had the same row here, and a row about the right to self defence and defence of your property. it didn't stop them.
based image.
how many free products have YOU given to are NHS?https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-/Small-business-owner-reveals-asked-send-free-booze--ambulance-service-workers.html
Surprised no one's talking about Wiley.
Hi bongs
be mewalk to co-opwear a mask to see what its likeinstantly feel the need to sneeze after I put it onafter a few mins I feel short of breath, have to breathe much deeper breaths and focus more on my breathingafter I do this for a min or two my eyes start watering and becoming extremely irritatedsuddenly remember the advice my mother gave to me (qualified biochemist) pre-lockdown"make sure you wash your hands before you touch your mouth, eyes, or ears. especially if you've already touched your mouth"so basically the masks make us need to breath heavily, which irritates our eyes and makes them water which makes them more likely to absorb particulates in the air, exposing us to a higher risk of infection than if we didn't wear masks to begin withyeah, fuck the government, not wearing one again, ever
"Oh Dan-ny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling"https://twitter.com/ELLOBO/status/
was talked about in a thread last night. not much thoughyou again
Threadly reminder:Chinks vs Mutts - we watch the carnageFuck cuckstianityStop voting ToryBrexit was a mistake
Obvious bait from a eurocuck
They are going to force plastic gloves to shop next.Followed by masks anywhere outside.Keep the fear going.Are you scared by virus? I'm not, though plenty are? Either that of the threat of fines makes them go along with this masked charade
How's the clouds?
Hate speech laws will be put in place to stop native resistence to mass Africanization. Africanization which is occuring and will get more aggressive over the next  years. Bantu Bolshevism.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bIKyAX_tLoLee has awoken.
no tranniessimple as
wiley still going full throttle self-implosion on insta get your top jewish man put im on zoom wiv me, bruv
Next let's make being Muslim a race. If Jews are a race why cant we be a race?
Going bouldering today boisLet’s see how many mask fags there are
morning
Surprised no one's talking about Wileyits in the OP...
jews arent a race though
Guys what are your arguments against mandatory facemasks? I don't support them but I don't feel like I can get my thoughts together about this. It just doesn't "feel" right and I don't "like" it but those aren't good enough reasons really. So, redpill me on this.
jews trending on twittercame herewhats the crack lads
retards still sucking wileys dicklooolliterally amerifat tier brainletsmuh ,mhuhmh ajahdjadh MUH BASED BLACK MANERINO
Morning Bruce
Not bait m, just talking points while i procrastinate
masksm no one cares
the effects of continuous reuptake of carbon dioxide negates the miniscule increase of likelihood of NOT catching covid-.it's more a decision about protecting others rather than yourself. your call.
 Stuggles to wear a mask to the shopsThis is either a larp or you’re a pussy
your call.well, it should have been
tldr black man thinks jews are white
Evening Nigel
They are an ethnic group
There's no "redpoll" it's just a crap way of stopping you catching covid. Masks clearly don't work like that because none of them are properly sealed and the ones that are used by idiots anyway. What they ARE good at doing is helping to stop YOU from spreading it of you're infected by preventing brainlets sneezing everywhere.
boomer comic
boulderingCool man have fun, makes me want to go climbing again.

International dacade for people of African descent. The thinking behind it is to civilize negroes. Not much different from th century missionaries. Talk about flogging a dead horse. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Decade_for_People_of_African_Descent#:~:text=The%International%Decade%for%People,recognition%C%justice%and%development%.
pic rel looks suspicious. it talks of cooperation but that usually means central control and compliance. how can anyone in power be trusted again.
ummm so us europeans cant convert to judaism? stupid retarded pig fucker
its all a psy op to have the public accept compulsory vaccinationsthey've already been arguing for it on this morning
Meanwhile ...
Wouldn't stand a chance against are Fury
I didn't wear one yesterday in Tesco's and I got hit with £ fine.
They will make you wear latex gloves.
prove it
fucking mountain mutts. it annoys me when people use them to back up their "BBBBBBAAAAAAAASSSSED WHITE MUSLIMS" bullshit
islam is haram
Yikes what a low iq take. Did i say judaism was an ethnic group, or that jews were? Kindly off yourself you fucking idiot
Coronavirus is a trick.Masks are to keep the fears alive.The doubt you feel is truth rising against the lies you have been taught since you were a small child.
Whats your point? That you're a retard that touches their face too much? Or that you're a fat cunt who cant breath with a bit of cloth over their face? Or Both?
My hairdressers is telling people not to wear masks as the staff are. Wtf
you seem awefully triggered by someone mentioning jews.why is that?that's not at all what the tweets i've seen said.he also RT'd pic related
then why are there millions of black Jews in nigeria?
Actually had a box pre lock down About £ now £ enough of this shit they want us to wear all this shit they can pay for itBesides we was meant to save the environment last year Now nobody gives a fuck throwing away masks and plastic gloves Guess the normies moved on to blm
th tribe
why is that?because he's a below iq nigger
what have you seen?
source
It's another form of forced compliance and the government doesn't even have to enforce it, the herds of normies will. There were heated arguments in some shops. Mostly middle aged women were berating people for not wearing them.We've seen so many examples in such a short space of time. From snitching on neighbours for having friends round to not clapping hard enough for are nhs to not worshiping niggers. This is just another round of that.
black Jewslol no such thingblacks LARPing as jews is irrelevant. niggers will do whatever their masters command them too. they are a conquered people. true black religion is animism and shamanism etc
Because retard, they Jews are an ethnic group, and Jews are also the name of followers of Judaism. Just like Danes are an ethnic group, and Danes are also not ethnically danish people who have a danish citizenship. A word can mean more than one thing. You can have your blood tested for Jewish ancestry
I lost my job last night thinking of continuing to get pissed at am, thoughts lads?

What I find most funny when this happens is you always get people on the left blaming racist whitey for filling the poor, tiny-brained chimpy-wimpy's head with their hateful misinformation. It's quite damming and shows they really think of black people.
Mandem gettin wise bout dem jew ting innit
Someone red pilled a grime rapper called Wiley on slavery and he chimped out and revealed his power level to soon. I guess the whole BLM thing has made blacks feel untouchable.
Most shoppers did not wear face coverings in May and June and cases/deaths continued to fall. Sainsbury's and Asda are among the retailers who have said they will not penalise customers who fail to wear face masks. See: https://news.sky.com/story/coronavirus-major-supermarkets-refuse-to-enforce-face-mask-rules-despite-police-pleas-
Kek
no way lmao
so corbyn really does hate jews?
/
The amount of face masks I've seen on fields and in hedgerows is disgusting.
This is actually getting massive in the states esp among the hotep/we wuz egyptianz crowd eghttps://wethoughttheywerewhite.tumblr.com/
see
the student has become the master
its from , *someone* on twitter was trying to associate Corbyn with anti-semitismthey never stopfunny tho
It must of been Corbyn who red pilled Wiley.
no you dont understand, and i dont give a fuck how many blacks jews ryou can show me. they are not real jews. because they are black. and the other jews look down on them. they are not jews. they are LARPers.
Masks are to keep the fears alive.Quite the contrary. Completely the opposite. There are people who have been afraid to go past their front doors for months that tentatively "went down the shops" on Friday. The masks are as a walking stick, helping those that have been injured get "out and about". Time, or rather the retail figures, will tell.It will also be interesting to see the "subconscious" effect in cities of not being constantly bombarded by alien faces.
clown worldim staying away
Checked
Will the BBC do this for Hitler? What if Hitler wasn't rejected from art school? Liberal arts Gate keepers reeeeeeshttps://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-So they can't find another black Saint they have to make what if scenarios Plus No black history worth mentioning they have to insert them into ours
he went too far lads. rip
Checked & black pilled
no j-jews are also a religioncoping hard lmao
there is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitism
yeah right afraid of a virus that is so weak they have to massage the figures to make it look virulent.fuck you .
If he didnt before he certainly does now.
As I walked past I saw a couple of based lads in Co-op yesterday not wearing masks. One was in flip flops and shorts, not giving a solitary shit.
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Must be a troll lmao imagine not knowing something as basic as thishttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jews
Bit overcast here mate, had some rain last night
I leave my parents house to go to the shops, we argued over me not having a job and then refusing to cook my chicken nuggets for me, they then told me to take a walk after I called them ‘fucking kikes’, not my fault they want me to conform to society and be a slave for moneyI enter the local paki shop, he’s upped the price of his rustlers and monster energy drink (my favourite), he always changes the prices to match Tescos and the like, why can’t he just do what’s best for me? I mutter ‘fucking Jew’ under my breath at him as I leave the shop and spit on all the newspapers on my way out for publishing anything that doesn’t involve someone like me, a true aryanI decide to go to the park and my blood is already boiling, a black man is sitting on a bench with a white woman, fucking Jewish niggers, stealing all the white women from me, it’s all their fault I’m a fat loser and I tut at him as I walk by. He immediately squares up to me telling me to do it again, but I walk away with him calling me a ‘pussyole’. Standing up for myself would be such a Jewish thing to do and he’s not going to win today.Walking round the shops I get even further enraged, Jews everywhere, taking women from me who would obviously take my virginity had they not ever existed. Charging money for goods in their shops. Laughing with their mates (who needs friends when you’re this based?) People are laughing at me and gagging as I walk past, the stench of my redpilling must be too much for them to handle.I don’t get it /pol/, why can’t the Jews just fuck off? It’s THEIR fault my life is so shit..
There are people who have been afraid to go past their front doors for months that tentatively "went down the shops" on FridayWhy do we want people that paranoid and retarded out amongst us again? It would be like releasing an army of rainmen into the populace.
Stop voting ToryVote for Kier Starmer and the new pro-Semitic labour party
can't wait for commie fucks like this to get lined up against the wallthis must've been a nigger, only a nigger could possibly think like thissome of the only people with stable jobs and income right now, getting pay raises left and right, and they want all their shit for free too? has anyone seen niggers "work" before either?then again, nhs is outwardly bolshevised so i guess it would be odd to expect different of the staff
they have to massage the figures to make it look virulent.And even then it's still nothing, lol. I wonder if they're regretting getting behind such a nothing virus instead of waiting for/manufacturing something more deadly.
Do you think showering so you don’t have a funk is forced compliance?Or how about being required to wear clothes?
Hi Patrick
It just doesn't "feel" right and I don't "like" itPeople are trained to believe, its western culture, that you have to rationalise things. Almost everyone almost always and everyone at some point fumbles through this. Its why you end up with junk science like creationism. Just because you can't rationalise something doesn't mean that there isn't a rational reason for it.Your feelings have been tested by evolution over a far greater timescale than reason has existed. It "doesn't feel right" is a perfectly valid reason for not doing something.Look at the arguments against allowing muslim women to wear the veil and they transfer over to wearing a face mask. It will have consequences for society quite separate from any direct biological effects.the virus is weakIrrelevant. It is their belief that matters. People were afraid and many are now not because of their belief in the efficacy of face masks. These people are out spending money right now.
b but I thought jews don't have the power to lobby institutions and businesses into doing what they want?
I was in co-op last night, no one said anything until a second person came in without one and i was told i need to wear one in future.
Keeping it real
One thing I have learned from the virus is that most people are cowards and snitches
Give it a week and I think the staff will stop even attempting to say anything.
what might have happeneddepicts him marrying a white womenffs... it ever endsThese globalist fucks REALLY ARE social engineering everyone for the massive surge in African immigration projected for this century."Global recognition of the challenges around racism are going to be all the more critical if there are large numbers of people of African descent in many countries.""The distribution of working-age populations will be crucial to whether humanity prospers or withers." https://www.bbc.com/news/health-This is what all the endless race mixing propaganda is about. Why BLACKED porn gets shilled so hard etc. Brainwashing people into accepting their own replacement.And sadest of all, it seems effective...
If only racism hadn't killed him, he would have proven string theory and married this white woman. Wouldn't be surprised if they get a couple of mutts to play his kids. BBC have outdone themselves this time, bravo.
No, it did exactly what was required of it.if you kill too many cattle you have nobody to work on the farm.consume at all costs! you were afraid but with magic facecloth you can consume again.. fuckoff 
theres only two partiesEither a mutt or a retard. Judging from the flag maybe both!
this will never be you
he bought into the blacks can't be racistmeme. in my experience they're even worse than us.
/ sensible chuklehad me in the st half lost me by the end
brexit was a mistakeI'm not taking advice from germoney's hat
Haha those white women just cant get enough of the dark meat.
Reminder that if you love your family you’re not trad.https://mobile.twitter.com/FredNietzky/status/Retvrn to trvdition, punch your nan!
Yeah, I guess you're right. I can't help but feel like they hoped it would have been more, but I guess it barely matters. The figures are all there and they're pathetic, but the ones who are scared will be scared regardless.
I fucking hate normies. I might write that on my mask.
it was a woman behind the counter, of course. mostly i get left alone because im' '" and an absolute unit.
I'll say one thing for third world wogs, they don't give a fuck about rules. I went past some dingy Turkish £ place saw they didn't have customers, and went in. The subject of masks did not come up during my haircut.
How many right wing terrorists are in this country genuinely
Whenever there is any sort of "black power" movement it is immediately cancelled when they start talking about jews. Happened with the Black Panthers, happened in the early s, and it is happening again. The ironic thing is that BLM is run by jews, but they can't control their golem.
Everyone is a potential terrorist
Yes similar to ethnic Jews having to come from a Jewish mother I think you could assert that Muslim intellect can only come from procreation between cousins.
probably in the hundreds at most. and the filth and gchq know about each one of them
be Britishwake up at sunrise to the salat al-fajr blaring through every speaker in Londonwave at the CCTV camera while I'm taking a showereat some shakshuka for breakfast because my wife's son says breakfast needs to be more diversethere's a letter in the transom saying I must pay my tv license because indoctrination isn't freetake the underground to work and get blown up by an innocent refugeewake up in the hospital getting free health carewave to the CCTV camera by my hospital bedhospital food is harira and fried grasshoppers since it's halalget a notice I have to pay for my email licenserealize I've been circumcised while I was unconscious, Dr. Patel says it's more sanitary this waySharia Police runs into my room and demands to know why my wife's son isn't wearing a head scarftry to mansplain that he's a boymy wife's son says he doesn't identify that way anymoreSharia Police kill everyone in the roommy beheaded body is paraded through the streets while everyone chants "fuck white people!"The Guardian and Telegraph say they're worried about my public execution because it might cause Islamaphobiabe buried in Highgate cemeterymy bones are being monitored by CCTVhave to renew my burial license next month
This is like the fifth time in the last week. Something is genuinely brewing it seems
Reminder, as always, to fuck Hong Kongers.https://mobile.twitter.com/acczibit/status/
wikipedia sourcewhy do you ruin every thread?
I fucking 'ate pikeys
anyone born in judea was a jew so nothing to do with race, gotcha.
What do you think of American trannies moving to the U.K, pretending to be British?
How many they decide Your post may have put you in that campLet's not argue over who offended who When they can twist words and label you anything they want you to be
The masks are a pointless forced meme. I'll still wear them though and get in every fuckers hostile little face for making me wear them. I've already been banned from two of my local supermarkets.
the complete lack of action from twitter, and the almost grudging acceptance to actually call his multiple hour rants racist from lefty media, shows how dangerous the BLM narrative is.the one mistake Wiley made was target Jews instead of whites. and in Black Hebrew Israelite theology, the Jew is the "king race" of the whites. they believe Jews are whites, but are the most powerful whites. it's a distinction almost without a difference. if you took his rants and replaced "Jewish" with white, not only would he have been ignored, he'd probably have been given a BBC documentary slot to spend half an hour teaching the British public about how whites are demonic.
you forgotwalk round the group of polish labourers drinking lager and eating tuna out of tins in the street
This isn't a Creative Writing class, fuck off Tarquin
Wut, it explicitly says they are an ethnic group. They inbred over  years which led to them having similar characteristics. You must be a retard or a jew to not know this
Far-right groups consist of MI agents and Special Branch agents trying to goad one another into doing something violent
Conspiritard hat on - they are somehow doing it deliberately so they can say Twitter supports anti-semitism, oust/sideline Jack Dorsey and accelerate the Paul Singer takeover
memeflag
Madonna?
that sounds about right. can't have a social media platform in the hands of a goy
Do you ever start writing something fairly impassionately and feel the enthusiasm drain away from you mid-way through lads?
Lots of bootlicking in this thread.
Oooh, I know! I know! The terrorist must be the white man, right? So fucking transparent
I don’t believe COVID- is real lads
which powerful group is a massive proponent for open borders?which powerful group is a massive proponent for multicultralism?which powerful group is a massive proponent of feminism, and 'progressive' values?which powerful group is a massive proponent in the porn industry shilling Miscegenation?Which powerful group DOMINATES the Media, Hollywood, Music industry, and uses these mediums to shill all of the above.What effect has this had on Employment, Wages, Prices, Family, Relationships, Culture?If you don't see the connection & its consequences, you're a sub  IQ moron and should fuck back off to plebbit.
In the same way the KKK are overwhelmingly feds and police and spooks, hard right wing groups here are the same
Free speech row over new hate crime bill in Scotlandthis is such bullshit because what you hate is subjective - a gun shot to the head might top the list on things that piss you off, but there's some freak out there who'd pay good money to have it happen to themand this "analysis" is saying we would (not even "should") not want to be responsible for some nigger chimping out; never mind blaming the nigger for their violent reactions, no it's somehow my fault because they're so quick to lash out blindly at the mere sounding of that word "nigger"not that it matters because we don’t have a right to own a gun to protect our right to say what we like, so all the pundits and fags are umming and ahhing over how restricted a privilege to speak we should get; a small formality for them to pretend to care, as we run headlong towards despotism no doubt
Sounds cool. A few weeks ago I walked up to the Lodge Slabs up by Loch Grannach in Galloway, cycled there, slept in a bivvy bag overnight, went swimming and climbed the Lodge Slabs the next morning. Great fun, if shit hits the fan I'm just going to go live outdoors, there were plenty of fish and sheep, drinkable water and firewood.
all the ti
I asked a manager today and she told me they're not allowed to enforce it. so you can put a complaint it and get free coupons kek
mass africanizationThey are at most % of the popualtion and most of them live in one cityHow the hell is the country going to get africanized with those numbers?
Shitpipe of a kike country. Kween resembles a reptilian kike
is real ISRAEL ?COINCIDENCE!?I THINK NOT
By importing more. Thats the only way because they dont have a hugh birthrate in UK because they get so many abortions just like in the states
they clearly aren't though and you havent provided a single thing that disproves this
Ok? How's that any worse than getting shanked with a spork by a paki, or that % of your women ooze clemedia and/or syph? You're a joke, bro.
sounds comfy af. i do a lot of rough camping with a bivvy bag round here. would love to do it in scotland where it's actually legal but it's fucking miles away. last time i was camping at a castle and someone actually called the old bill. told me i had to leave, but i wandered off and came back after an couple of hours. england is the least free country in europe probably.
Fuck me, you have to pay to take that course. Just searched it up.
So your issue is one of efficacy? If that’s the case then get an FFP mask lad.
Really easy to tell who I’ve hit the nail on the head describing kek
Its known as withnailling.

fuck off you giant pussy. you were taking the piss so i did too and now i've hurt your feelings.
Yeah, I've been camping a few times in England and been told to leave, with threat of cops coming out. I was in an open field with no crops or livestock, no farm in site to go ask if I could camp or not. No idea how they knew I was there.

it's all coming undone
I'm not opposed to the idea but is should have been a thing back in march , but they were too proud to admit they had no stockpiles, even though mask wearing is part of pre existing pandemic flu plans. To do it now when the pandemic is basically over in the UK is pointless. I reckon that domcum and his band of behavioural scientists.Literally every single law is "forced compliance" , I'm not a supporter of the masks atm but forcing people to do or not do stuff to protect public health is millennia old.
Kek I did it for work, so workplaces are paying to indoctrinate their staff with this stuff
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/
holy kek this is good content
UH OHBLERMPwhat do u bong FUCKS think of danagel PLERNG
It’s a mixture of things that have nothing to do with slowing the spread of the virus.Some MPs want the UK to be more inline with other nations; some get a kick out of passing draconian laws; some want to do everything and anything to slow the spread of the virus, even if it doesn’t work or is OTT.It’s going to backfire eventually, when we see a rise in cases due to opening up, and retards (so all MPs) are going to cry and shut down the country again, inciting societal anger and change. Will be a fun couple of years.
Englandastan Free shamima bagumDindu nun
https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/face-coverings-when-to-wear-one-and-how-to-make-your-own/face-coverings-when-to-wear-one-and-how-to-make-your-ownYou do not need to wear a face covering if you have a legitimate reason not to. This includes (but is not limited to):not being able to put on, wear or remove a face covering because of a physical or mental illness or impairment, or disabilityif putting on, wearing or removing a face covering will cause you severe distressto avoid harm or injury, or the risk of harm or injury, to yourself or others
the access laws in england are a fucking joke, like everything else.they're completing the footpath legislation now. if a path isn't mapped and included it'll be lost forever. half of the paths i use haven't been used for years.
And BASED Patel ensures it’ll be carried out at the highest levels as well
Baptist Pastor comes out to church as trans
because that's the beauty of the thing, Christianity is like an open source project, as long as you all agree on the rules, you can change them all you like. Don't like it? fork the project and take your band of contrarians elsewhere.
A woman shall not wear a man’s apparel, nor shall a man put on a woman’s garment; for whoever does such things is abhorrent to the LORD your God. Deuteronomy :
CanadianNuff said
I think God would disagree
Open sourceyeah nah
 % to %THE MAGIC NUMBERS!Brexit posting aside, wtf Baptists I thought you were supposed to be based? Though it is Canada so I'm more surprised % of them had their heads screwed on.
Christians, why do % of you support this perversion?Because most christians like most westerns are brainwashed by jewish propaganda, most of these faggots that are priests probably didn't even read the bible. Bible clearly states  A woman must not wear men’s clothing, and a man must not wear women’s clothing, for whoever does these things is detestable to the LORD your God. 
protestants
More protestant heresy.
protestants jajajaja
The Bible is very clear on this. What gives?Wolves in sheep's clothing fool lots of dumb sheep.
The  vs  should segregate btw
Blame /r/Christianity for the trans propaganda
Tranny priests giving online sermons, and most people are fine with it. What a time to be alive.
This
Which one and which version of them?
/thread
STUNNING AND BRAVE
Belongs to super liberal mainline denomination that has long been heretical.Still gets voted out of the ministry by the congregation."She" likely doesn't pass, and makes even leftist 'open minded' apostates uncomfortable.
Why? There are transgender gods older than Christianity.

baptistwhat a surpriseroman catholic, eastern orthodox or its trash fanfic
The Bible is very clear on thiswhich bible, nigger. You niggers have a new version every year.Petercucks BTFO
People were - inches shorter during the s on average, anon.
They did the right thing. Their pastor is cracking under the stress of the lockdowns and other current events. Unfortunately, his self diagnosis was wrong and he's now wearing a wig and running around trying to force their mental illness on an congregation. They are completely justified to remove that degenerate influence on their children.
Lol that's not a Baptist church. If he showed up like that to the Baptist church I grew up attending, he'd be singled out and brought in front of the whole congregation to be made an example of with fire and brimstone preaching before being told they'd pray for him and kicked out.
I don't know what's going on
PastorLOL
Exactly. Where I am from he'd be removed by force.
that feel when you're closer to  in dick size and a grower, but you're still tall and lean. FEELS FUCKIN GOOD MAN!
Disgusting Jew worshipers always do shit like this.
I would leave the church epicly
canadianOf course, the degenerate subhuman is a canuck. Canada and Kikemerica deserve to be nuked.
protestants
PFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF AHAHAHAHHAAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHHAEAT SHIT, KEKSTIANS
Why is there black lives matter in Cananada?
This
protestants I'm glad my country was always on the morally right side of history.
I-Is that real?
But she's not a man, can you not read?
good thing trans women are women
This
be anon go on /sig/ to improve life”just lift and go to church to find a trad girl goy”okaygo to church on my first daylots of well dressed womenNot bad.jpegpastor comes out dressed as a woman”hello everyone, today I would like to tell you about my transition”throw down bible and leaveGoddam christfaggots.
She’ll fit right in with the freak shows in a Protestant church
PURPLE REVOLUTION
% OP. This is % a carbon copy of every color revolution attempt that happened in other nations under Obama's Admin.
Purple is a color associated with royalty, going back millennia Anon.They subliminally advertising their perceived statusThese people are not to be trusted under any circumstances
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFEsFGS-trump isnt your friend...
red and blue are also colors
BLM is just like all other 'colour revolutions.Pakistan ISI involved
Don’t care still voting for trump tranny jannie
Possibly.More simple explanation is COVID + BLM were a convenient way of cleaning out blue state/city budget deficits. COVID/school closures breaks the teachers unions, BLM breaks the police unions. Two birds, one stone effectively.Trump is no substantive threat to the elite agenda.
Good catch
I get the feeling Bill Clinton isn't mentally there anymore.
t. Machiavelli
thats because purple dye was very hard and expensive to make, so only royalty could screw the peons enough to have it on command.sounds familiar? the common man should despise anyone who deems to robe themselves in purple, because it signifies your slavery not their superiority
So, Pol, can you *prove* that the Stonewall riots were linked to pedophilia?
thats a hard one
Yeah but is there any proof of the actual riots being linked to pedophilia?
are there any proof of hitler ordering the holocaust?
The crucifixion of George Floyd
Remember when we joked about "Saint Floyd"?
Unbelievable.
wew lads this just gets worse doesn't it.... next thing they tell us is that he is God himself
anon has never read a Christian websiteThey literally do this with everything. Current news events, movies, literature, history. Fucking everything relates somehow, no matter how much they twist it.

George FloydGeorge from the jungleStrong but he can't breeeveGeorge FloydGeorge of the jungleWatch out for that knee
I'm a fentanylbyterian. Have you heard the word of our nigga and savior, Saint Fentanyl Floyd?He died across the pavement for your gibs.Repent and cast aside the devices of the Orange One!
I take a knee for Saint Floyd.
both their fathers are ghosts.Damn they have more in common than I thought.
bump
George FloydGeorge from the jungleStrong but he can't breeeveGeorge FloydGeorge of the jungleAs high as he can be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZJxRimk
pottery
This new denomination of christianity is pretty lit tbqhfamalam.
Except Jesus was an innocent sinless being meanwhile Floyd was your average black man.
What the actual fuck? now he is a fucking hero or some shit, fucking saint?he was a fucking criminal.fuck niggers and fuck Americans who allowed this shit.
watch out for that knee
achualy, Jesus die robin’ a licker stow.raycis ass Ro-mans put a nee on he nek ‘n shieet
Someone ask them to specify who killed Christ
Fuck that nigger. I laughed watching him die. All niggers should be treated like the fuckin savage animals they are
I think they surf /pol/ for ideas honestly. You guys have some really great ones.
This is pretty goddamn gay
you blasphemous nigger. I'm not even Christian and I'm offended you would conflate the good lord with a fucking junkie nigger. What the actual fuck?
this is why God left us
Christcucks get the rope
use to we called atheists infidels degenerate
Jesus was also a thief and dug user. George is the second coming.

two men of color killed by the white establishment for victimless crimesPowerful.
cause the bitch didn't know his father.
Jesus was a myth invented by the authorities to manipulate the lives and behavior of millions of people. George Floyd is ...
One was supposedly the son of god, the other a common variety of north american pavement ape.
Floyd looked down and crued for mommy, and Christ looked to Heaven and asked his Father to forgive his fake news slaughter
Who THE FUCK do they think they are?Comparing a criminal, a drug addict, a felon, a NIGGER to the Son of God? This is fucking infuriating. In  I became more and more blackpilled but this year I hit some sort of critical blackpill mass and came out the other side and I just get more and more angry.JESUS CHRIST IS KING.GEORGE FLOYD IS A NIGGER.AND HE IS IN HELL.WHILE CHRIST REIGNS IN HEAVEN.
oh that's why dictators always wanna stamp out his teachings instead of using them to control people... hmm makes sense
And it's a Jesuit magazine.
IDIOTS
Ok this getting ridiculous. Comparing him to Jesus? Was Jesus a drug addicted criminal passing fake bills and robbing pregnant women by putting a gun to her pregnant belly? This reeks of kikery, reeks of some jewish bullshit,
George George Floyd of the jungleStrong but he can't breatheAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHWatch out for that knee!
George Floyd was dying of complications from drug addiction before the cops even got there. These people claiming to be Christians are just repeating lies and it's sick.
They will regret writing this article.
People who think like this need to be ostracized from society. Put them in a retard clinic or a facility capable of electo-shock therapy.
Only one was a nigger
(((Jesuit))). I bet it's written by a jew.
Jesus taught people to be good, love your neighbors and GodFloyd was druggie who shoved drugs in his ass,was a pornstar and a criminalFucking kikes, they really hate Christ
George, georgeFloyd of the jungleStrong but he cant breatheAHHHHHHHHHHHWatch out for that knee!!

He’d cry out to his father too, but he doesn’t know who that is.
You're not thinking at a large enough scale. Biblical.
And Floyd had a son he never knew as well, apparently. Symmetry.
this is the nd time ive seen these dirty niggers compare Floyd to jesus. freemason niggers
what utter shite
I remember when Jesus held a sword to Mary Magdalene's pregnant belly and demanded  pieces of silver...The mental backflips it takes to understand modern (((reporters)))
Based leaf. No rake for you today borther.Dead niggers are the best niggers. Particularly when they are young. There's nothing quite like watching these videos of nigger parents abusing their young mongrels to death. Past, present, and future all being validated and improved in one video.
I remember whst my papa told me. I remember what my papa told me. Blasphemy.t. Some dead nigger
Fuck Jesuits, fuck the kike pope.
Do you think George would have called for his father if he had one?
Probably never knew his father so it makes sense
jesus was a fentanyl addicted convicted gang banger who robbed a pregnant woman at gun point?i guess i really have to read the Bible at some point
just give it a few hundred years
taking anything the Jesuits say seriouslyI knew op was a fag but damn...
bump
bump
Is he the antichrist, or is the average black man so destructive that they can be compared to a biblical disaster?
Dixie cup of watermelon flavored malt liquor This is the blood of ChristKFC chicken leg This is the body of Christ
If you only knew how bad things really are.
Knees be upon him. Amen.
dindu nuffins amen
maybe not the antichist, but that golden casket they buried him in was not a mistake or being flashy. the whole thing was a ritual. its all esoteric shit
When I said BLM/"anti racism" was the new religion I was somewhat kidding. Holy fuck
George Floydpiece of shit and his death is celebrated by everyone.
bump
Then they offered him wine mixed with myrrh, but he did not take it. (Mark :)Jesus was offered a narcotic to dull the pain and refused.Floyd was complaining he couldn't breathe before he was ever on the ground because of all the fentanyl in his system.Exactly the same.
Think Jesus knew his father
Yeah they're so alike, I remember well the story of how Jesus died from a overdose induced heart attack.
remember the time jesus pulled a gun on a pregnant woman?me either.
Is this how christianity got formed? Was some random kike hanged on a stick for eating baby penises but then they claimed him messiah
His killer was drugs in the anus that he put there
Floyd died for his own sins
Revelations II : and Floyd said all upon thee whom a woke fentanyl should be consumed to excess.
To put Floyd at the same level as Jesus is blasphemy. That nigger died from drug overdoes
son just don't even start
George Floyd = martyrCanceling = witch hunts Racists = heathens Trayvon, MLK, Obama = untouchable icons
The Sunrise Movement and other cultural marxist groups have been waiting for a weak point to launch this attack. George Floyd is nothing more than a conduit for the bolshevik revolution.
No one was joking. These people have been acting exactly like a religion for a while now.
Floyd died for his own sinskek
are they trying to discredit their "cause"? kek
mommy
Imagine giving your life for niggers to have a place in the bus and then they put you at the same level as a hobo high on fentanyl.
Fentanyl Floyd cried out for his drug dealer.
little known fact, Jesus was also high Fentynl, cocaine and meth, tried to pass off  fake shekels, had covid  for over a month and walked around in public, the crucifixion is what killed him, it was the Praetorians being too rough with him that killed him
the crucifixion isnt what killed him
bump
another similarity: they both fucked prostitutes
ia george floyd the anti christ? the second coming?
You shut that pepperoni mouth you son of a bitch
mfw
We all know jesus also robbed and threatened pregnant women to kill their babies
Based ol' timey folk.
bump
pepperoni is a full blown american thing
According to the bible itself, Jesus was some commie converting non-Hebrews and telling them they should demand to be treated as equals in a Hebrew ethno state in a period of time where Hebrews were conquered and vanquishing. He was literally helping Somalians settle in the middle east and saying "we're all jews" and got killed precisely because of that. Christianity is a dindu cult, so what better saint than George Floyd.
Yeah fucking duh it’s not that hard to see the reason it parallels is because it’s the same thing Christians are the retarded precursors to progressives.
Christcucks....Your religion is kinda responsible for this
And (((who))) did the mocking?
Same thing they did with MLK, canonizing his life. The only two birthdays we had celebrated up till MLK day had been the father of our country and the birth of Christ. Its culture war and we're losing
I cannot belive this happening over a drugged up career criminal who robbed pregnant women, scum of the highest order. America is fallen. Clearly the brown goy cattle population has hit critical mass.
You will join the nigger in hell for being a RACIST Serves you well playing with these jewish religions' rules
How about you read the bibble before making up your head cannon along the way
bump
Both KILLED BY JEWS. OK i can get behind this.JEWS DID THIS
Gold plated pyramid when?
MUH FICTION BOOKYou worship money. Nothing else. Stop lying to yourself.
Just lay back and enjoy the show, it won't last for long
In fact he has ressurected now, I saw him yesterday on the street with neck wounds while he was vomiting after huffing jenkem

Why do you lget shiskins rule you?
sdaf
TGDG/ #297 - Welcome Back! Chairman XI Edition
Fuck you Gary
Why do you guys think bat soup is not good. It's quite delicious, you should try it.
cities flooded : Honhonhon, still ?How many jours has it been coincé at ? dèyz,  dèyz ?Cette nothing rivière has dried up
When will this damn dam be damned
Possible manipulation in the second stream of the wall which has a gap on the side stream? Second stream: http://gd.mooo.com/video.html
Whatever you say, Xi Pooh-ping
XI'S BACK FOR MORE EVERYBODY
Thanks for the bump XiWe have an infinite supply of bread, btw
if korea anon is kind, he would draw dam-chan getting torn half by a dragon, with her lower half being fucked.i need it.
         

egg drop soup
 threads is embarassinggoes to show how desperate you are and how bad you are at predictions, hoping and craving for collapse of China via some miracle. In reality, the rise of China is happening due to the heroic labor and sacrifice of the Chinese people. Its not going to be canceled by Trump, dam, flood or anything of that. This world is just and the efforts of Chinese people build the strong foundation for the rejuvination of Chinese nation - that foundation will last for millenia.Meanwhile - America is already rotting from the inside. They deliberatelly kill their own past and the future, making sure they don't have any giants to stand on their shoulders, making sure they don't see far into the future
gap in wall
I admit it, I laughed
are you saying dam will collapse at thread number #
gap does not exist on the bush pics
Goddamn it, Xi. Go fuck around with Christopher Robin or Eeyore.
wrong pic
Hi Xi. Glad you came back Xi. What does it feel like when we call you Winnie the Pooh, Xi?


The meme is evolving.
REEEEEEEEEEEEE REEEEEEEEE REEEE??REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEREEEEEEEEEEEEEE
WTF is happening to people?Just looked at my steam's friend list and all my friends from the early s are now weebs, trannies, furries, or depressed nihilists. No exceptions. All of these guys were normal people with normal lives, and now they're degenerate scum.Something happened. This world doesn't seem right.
Flesh is weak, soul is even weaker.It's hard to resist degeneracy without killing yourself.
I have  steam friends
Being weeb is based.
Based.
Strong men make good times. Good times make weak men. They simply don’t want to take on the responsibility of navigating the world as a man. Its harder for them to treated rougher due to this fact so they turn into women because it’s life on easy mode.
ALL OF MY FRIENDS ON STEAM ARE BASED NAT SOC CHADS THAT GET ARYAN DIMES DAYLY
One of my weeb lolicon friends got a gf and became a trucker. Life's weird.
The world hasn't been right for a long time now, friend.
I don't want to watch anime because then I'd go full weeb
people are too scared to speak up, yet want to fit in.
checking your gay shit
Psyops
my friends on steam got third degrees burns
This. Even my lefty friends have Nazi shit on their profiles because it's seemingly totally unmoderated.  You can get the SS symbol in your username with alt command for fuck sake. Ask Ted Kacynski OP.
BPA / Atrazineturned the frogs gay, and the humans
Cletus shouldnt have been on sun
weebNothing wrong with that.
is friends with spergswonders why spergs dont grow up to be normies???
Arabian prince could be anything and he chose to be a weeb. Very aspiring. I hope he's happy.
FACT: Dotards are the most powerful people in the world
based quadbillions will die in this century
All of these guys were normal people with normal livesNo, no and no.Not a good idea to announce how much of a faggot you are.
Alienation, atomization, superficial image based society; needlessness for masculinity, intellectualism or violence, sexual impulses without an outlet that reverses on itself (people are too selfish to fall in love or date.)
Everything wrong with it. Effeminate weeb fatties and skeletons are a plague.
This is an anime website holy fuck, fuck off already.
You really think it doesn't take an absolute chad to be a weeb? Everyone hates you for your superior taste instead of all the blackwashing, racemixing, degenerate shit from Muttmerica.
Video games are pure propaganda
Effeminate weebYeah no, that is not how that works. Remember where you are anon.
welcome to society, it looks comfy, but there is a catch, you're not in control, even of what you think, you think you are someone but you're just simply reprogrammable, your life is a lie
You can get the SS symbol in your username with alt command for fuck sake.lmao no I got banned for "I cant breath" username
Anime is garbage for manchildren
Jews. Did you really not already know this OP?
if you have low test levels watching anime unironically turns you into a depraved furry/tranny it's like a sort of brainwashing.the more you consume something that gives you a pleasurable experience the more your brain is conditioned into wanting it.
Do you have any good multiplayer games anon?Or are you playing single player and expecting NPCs to add you to their frend list?
nothing wrong with animewtf is even the relation between being a tranny and anime??
Most millennials and zoomers grew up watching anime, that's why they are more likely to accept degeneracy because they have been conditioned by CIA jap pedo culture mkultra. You see these retards march in white nationalists parades and then return home to their body pillow of some underaged anime boy. No matter how superior you believe yourself to be, at the end of the day you are merely human and are susceptible to all kinds of mind control shenanigans. People who worship Japanese culture should be treated as the enemy, just like the socialists and communists of all stripes.
My friends have turned out normal. I mean, we’re mentally ill and miserable, but we’re all straight, no drugs, no alcohol, work full time, want to get married. I don’t know why degeneracy smells so good to some people. Diaper furfags and hormone deranged dick amputees are probably caused by demonic possession because at this point it stops being a simple inability to restrain pleasure seeking, as none of this is pleasurable to a sane person.
We used to play TF back in around  on community deathruns and shit.Admins used to ban fags and kick anyone with a weeb spray. Everyone said racist memes outloud and nobody cared either. There was also a real sense of community that you don't get now anywhere. years later the same people that kicked them are the fags and weebs now. It's insane
You are degenerates get out of my thread

I'm glad I introduced my steam friend to /pol/ a few years back.
Power ranking :WeebsDepressed NihilistsFurriesTrannies
today the new gen (alpha) is being "built" as in psychological complexes and cultural influences, maybe they can't control everyone individually (yet), but they surely can in big chunks.
Bruce Jenner dressed like a girl and went on the cover of Vanity Fair and the world hasn't been the same since. Obgersfield vs Hodges unleashed demons.
Playing Dota  for  hours was the only thing that prevented me from being turned into feminine putty by my jew faggot american high school. Doing great now in college and life
Same. One of mine became a gay marxist furry, The other one became an anti police fanatic, And that was before all the riots began
Why do you oust yourself as a fag OP ?
wtf is even the relation between being a tranny and animeI've noticed all trannies seem to like anime and and listen to Britney Spears.I really don't get the Britney Spears shit. Every single tranny I've met loves Britney Spears
QUADSGLERM LOOKS DOWN ON USBLONK
Isn't that the profile of the Saudi prince?

Is no one going to point out that the screenshot is not OP's friend but rather a Saudi Prince? (Who's also a giant weeb)
Yes
Checked and nobodygivesashitpilled. Not even you.
No, someone just put his name on
Trannies try to claim anime cause they are faggots
depressed nihilist
same here, can't see who played with me in Dark Souls in PC, consoles you can, it sucks
Don't watch gay shit then, only manly men in space.
every steam profile pic is either anime, a cat or a rapper
LE 56% mutt mosanto mutation
genetic differences between races
there are no differences, there is only one race; the human race
Maybe the future isn't going to be all bad.
what?
Trending for all the wrong reasons, I'm afraid.(((They))) thought goys how to see things from (((their))) perspective, now the goys are going back to the source. Like in that old movie 'The Stuff'
holy shit, that dude is fucking based lol
Ban twitter posts
Jews

BUMP
what's wrong with being trendy?
lmao based
I think that the days of the great kikery are numbered. Notice how the recent anti-jew happenings are directly related to the crumbling of USA?
:)
Curse Israel and you will be cursedBless Israel and you will be blessed
Nonono, it's not your fucking thread.Get out.
Israel is not some piece of dirt in what you call the middle east.Israel is not some materialistic crap.The bible calls Jerusalem even Sodom and Egypt and the revelation makes sure that the old Jerusalem will be replaced.Do you even know who or what Israel is, besides that lie they tell you today?O wait, you are JIDF damagecontrol. Ofcourse you are accursed by the eternal God. But hey, theres a way out and this is Jesus and in the new testament.Gott Mit Uns!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=typplLk
Bump for the better /sg/
what do you mean better?
spits
Sorry, the ONLY /sg/
The devil can use scripture too.Do not temp the Lord thy God.
Now can I cross over to Israel with the niggers in Lebanon?
if you wanna get shot yea
sure whatever you say and now get behind me, satan.to not let that human hull starve, that you are using there.Israel is a person, its Jacub and an idea. It's spiritual and divine, not material and not of those who say that they are jews and are not, but the synagogue of satan. (Revelation : and :).So give no heed to jewish fables (Titus :).For they are accursed not only in the figtree, that Jesus accurse and not only through the bloodcurse, when the whole croud wanted his blood to be upon them and their children.Jesus also said, the kingdom shall be taken from them (Matthew :) and given to a people that will bring forth its fruit. And their house is left desolate to them (Matthew :)Gott Mit Uns (Matthew : - Isaiah :)
Will the US survive these times?
In the same way Germany survived -, yes. Only unfathomably worse.
The country already died. Hope you’re enjoying purgatory, you might be here for a while.
only if we stand up and try to change everything
Yeah, but trump the Fuckup wont! Haha!
Only if we cut ties with Israel & cut the head off the snake. The snake being the Jews.
It's another Fourth Turning cycle.This one seems internal.The last one cost , lives.
No, the nation became an empire and the republic rots with it. Nobody believes in its civic identity anymore, nobody thinks in terms of the whole of Americans.
Only if we cut ties with Israel & cut the head off the snake. The snake being the Jews.because all they do is use us for fucking protection and money! since  weve been giving them a million minimum
Nope.
No, the Jew world order is in full effectGet ready while you can, November rd is when shit gets wild
RIP America
Most likely, continuing claims going down to mil the week ending July th, so down .mil in the first  weeks of the month. The unemployment rate will drop to around .-.% If that holds true and the covid cases actually start dropping (they've been very static day to gain the last week or  which is odd) you'll start seeing those place that haven't been allowed to reopen actually open.
The future is landscapers
the blood will flow.
Yes. We will survive and in do so become stronger than our doubters can possibly imagine.
You are so retarded I hope you don't but at least jews don't flee to China, Russia and Oceania like they planned to do.
America was dead on arrival. The end is built in with the beginning
Of course we will, fuck off changall fields
No. But the United States of Tyrone will live strong.
Go rescue haiti then nigger
Only if you vote Donald J Trump this NovemberJoe Biden will be controlled by the feckless nigger lovers who let Antifa burn down cities
i sure hope not. u have spread war, death, suffering to the rest of the world. u force the most vile anti-white and pro-homo propaganda on traditional societies on the other side of the world that just want to be left alone. now u fall like the whore of babylon that u are and i shit on your grave
whats to come in the fall bros? im worried i should start prepping but im too late
If Americans go full ', yesif Americans don't there will definitely be blood spilt
Dumbass. Jews control both sides.
trips says no
It’s over, brother
Hmmm, seems like someone was trying to help you with thatOh wait you killed him and now you permanently pissed off another rising world power into marking you for death.
will the united states survive?No, there is no unity anymore.
This.Baseball laying it on the line is the final blow.Its the soul of the US.Also, Wall of Vets joining the portland protestors is also very very big.
I hope not
Wall of Vetsuh huh. Why don't you show us a bigger line up or is that all you got? I think you're a bunch of fagots that stole uniforms or purchased them from a surplus store.
America is full of fat mongrels. Here's the problem I run into when I consider America's obsession with Christianity and the Nordic form. These traits are special, no doubt about it. The problem is that Nordics and whites in general are highly trusting individuals to a fault. This gets them killed by subhumans often. We live in a time just eighty years after Hitler took this ideology mainstream. That is why the masses hate it when Nordics rise to power. Are these brown mongrels really children of God? Will they be blessed with eternal life in God's kingdom if they were wiped out? How do Nordics fit in? Are they demonic? If they are demonic, why are they superior? Are Nordics and whites the creator's chosen to wipe out subhumans so that whites can have it all to themselves? Are the subhumans the demons?
Christianity and National Socialism are opposites.
Won't be the same. Our shits going to get rocked. If future proves past we're going to get fucked up.
Politically the US will not survive. The left openly hates the US from its very beginning by saying the US is an evil racist country built on the backs of African slaves on land stolen from native Americans and the right no longer cares to defend the US because the US government overwhelmingly sides with the left. The left will grow stronger and hate the US even more the left will keep electing people who hate the right and side with the left
It will likely be very different. Both in good an bad ways.
Alaska reporting in. Real people don't care about your democrat run shitholes.
This is different. Germany was % german homogeneous group. Best analogy here:https://youtu.be/qkMKsmzVE?t=
No. Its over and the US will be in death throws soon. race relations and the whole mixing pot idea are done at this point.economically the country cant heal from what the niggers and chinks just pulled. A new and greater America will emerge from this though.
America will pay for its crimes.
God I hope not.
I really hope not. Why keep polishing a turd instead of letting it decay, dry out and turn white? It's just another country with a phony history anyway.
No, but a balkanized version could work.
The land itself will, but the people have changed forever. Things will never go back to the America you knew and loved. Welcome to hell.
https://www.ancientpages.com////solutrean-people-first-americans-european-stone-age-people/
I fully understand but no one in politics cares
China is planning something big. There will be rising regional powers because of the diminishing US hegemony. Can't wait to get my popcorn and watch the shitshow
I sincerely hope they won't but who knows? That's up to kikes and kikes only. Let's see if they're willing to throw their loyal golem under the bus.
A new and greater America will emerge from this though.Hopefully one that isn't controlled by niggers nor kikes
LMAO WHAT IS THIS, why does it anger me. I should laugh in delight to see invaders taking the cuck mantle for israel. Only pain.
LMAO WHAT IS THISThis is the future you chose my friend.
Didnt your country literally give Israel nukes
Yes.May God be with the United States of America!!!!!!!!!May god be with us all!
no people are just waiting for the right moment until it escalates enough so that they can go full rampage
Anyone on the left cares about historyRemember, REAL communism has never been implemented!!
In the future corporate hellhole, Disney will own all, and beta males and leftists will be caught in an eternal cycle of wage slavery and consooming rehashed pro-commie animated and live action films. You however, will either be spared this agony by being quickly shot due to problematic opinions, or conveniently "disappeared" to be drafted into the corporate paramilitary force to beat up and dispose of any uppity lefties or inefficient basedboys not excited enough for the new release of Che Guiyana: The Trans-animated Adventures.Whose the leader of the club thats made for you and me?
This... but seriously. If you kill someone now, you got to jail for life. If I wait a few months, and war breaks out... I could kill  and get a medal.
Absolutely. Why is everyone so negative? Me and  million others are just fine. What u call flyover country. Life in my little town is awesome. My girl and I are gonna go fishing and grill some snapper later. Fuck off with all your gay doom posts.
This. It's over. Come home white men. Leave the rotten whore behind.
Experts estimate that the number of sexually transmitted infections among Americans now totals more than  million.Blonde-haired blue-eyed Nordic here who was always very fearful of STDs. Never had sex and have no STDs. Feels good man.
UH OHGLOMK
compared to past us history... this is nothing
no
Latvians are based, plz help the real americans in reclaiming our country
Hopefully no.
the frightening thing is that the US police forces are the last mans standing to prevent a civil war and at the same time they get so much hate from their citizens that they are protecting from their own stupidity. Much respect for everyone who is part of the US police in times like these. I think these people are real heros.The moment when police officers refuse to arrest blacks because it could be racist, we have a real problem. And we are not far from this point anymore.
Will the US survive these times?gosh I sure hope not
The dems won't let it open till Nov  just like trump said
LatviansGet your glasses, anon.
Latvians are basedim Austrian btw. but no worries our flags are very similarplz help the real americans in reclaiming our countryI would love to. Really. I personally really like the US and have a lot of friends over there and i am so sad that all of this is happening to your country right now. But i am very afraid that the societal developments reached the point of no return. The only thing that i hope is that a stronger and much more beautiful America will rise from the ashes of clown world.All the best from Austria, anon
Of course.Constitutional American has the spirit. The left has only emotions.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eY-GagdtU
Cryonics into stem cell regenerative resurrection medicine. Maybe if enough people have cryonics insurance then we avoid apocalypse and world war.
Remember the simple, longterm, robot intelligence war. Common minimum wage cost equipment to signal intelligence relay enforcing robot artificial intelligence.Be safe. Do not risk. Signal to robot war NOW!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINIf you are possible first divine intelligent creation evolution race then you can join my United States Marine Corps. If your race possibly first enforced cryonics and stem cell regenerative resurrection medicine by robot artificial intelligence then you can join my United States Marine Corps.Current Corps needs......Marines at America to help execute national strategy imperative briefs. If success, victory, and win, then citizens accept minor executive capacity to execute signal intelligence relay for robot artificial intelligence war.The United States Marine Corps ultimate objective is personnel comrade reinforcement. Evidence to prove personnel comrade reinforcement is public citizens committing to employment contract agreement in civilian occupational specialty, superlight infantry occupational specialty, and superlight mobile infantry occupational specialty.National strategy imperative is cryonics, cooperative planning, and stationary shelter armors. Cryonics suspends rot, decaying, and decomposing. We freeze, refrigerate, and suspend time into stem cell regenerative resurrection medicine. Cooperative planning are calendars, music notation timing symbols, and internet video streaming. We fit into military industrial complex schedules for robot service enhancement. Stationary shelter armor are houses, condos, apartments, shacks, and garages. We armor in cheap common mass produced construction materials.
Russians will rape every man woman and child in Alaska once civil war erupts and the feds don't have the manpower to defend you.
I'm sure glad we destroyed all these beautiful creatures homes so we could build suburbs and strip malls.Love strip malls!Seriously, what's the point of this? America has wonderful wild life and yet we just build strip malls and homes for lawyers.Is destruction of these creators white culture? Or is it the jews doing it?
black bearbeautifulwhite bears are the only ones worth any attention
Polar bears have black skin.
so do dutch citizens nowadays
Jews want us to live in unnatural enviroments
I agree fellow white person, we need to replace evil suburbs with section  housing to own the whites.
Kike d&c
The fuck are you talking about JIDF parasite?
im sure you are great at spotting kikes after they shat on your face and turned your once proud country into somalia
I love how easy it is to point these israeli's out, it's almost insane.Absolutely sad display kike.
USA is just a shit hole with electricityno culture, Americans only exist to consumefake law system that doesn't workjustice only for the super-richmillions upon millions of niggers, spics, poos, chinks, and every other kind of mystery meatshitty public educationexpensive collegeupcoming eviction crisisinflation and stagnant wagesmanufacturing jobs gonetech jobs outsourced to h-b parasitesif you don't have two master degrees and you are white you won't get a jobonly jobs left are shitty service jobs and you have to compete with aforementioned spics for themmedia consisting entirely of gay anal sex propagandaconstantly demonizing Americans of European descentnigger-tier "police" who chimp out at the slightest provocation"Get out of the car hands up" "Lay on the ground"shoot you dead anywayslocal governments openly hostile and corruptbums everywhereobesity completely fucking out of controlprove me wrong
Go live in the wild, it horrible to sleep on dirt. Someone called Christopher Thomas Knight tried it for  years. There is plenty of land for all animals including humans which are also animals.
"Developing" land to build more strip malls"Developing" more land to build mcmansions Tourist trap vacation spots  week paid vacation after  years of collegehaha gotta work for it! Go on "vacation" to strip malls in sunny locations and fake hotels destroying natural beaches
No need you're right. But human's are shit and we're all over so the entire world is a shithole except Antarctica and we're even fucking that up long distance
The surest sign of our stupidity as a species of primates is our refusal to take population control seriously. We're dumb and we're fucked.
... but there are still cougars and black bears in north america?
well atleast you don't have bears roaming around your second largest city
the only pill
What's wrong with that?It's based.
Cats and bears are assholes. Fuckem.
you wouldn't say that if bear destroyed your fruit trees in garden
Croatia is a nigger-tier, poorest country in Europe with the lowest IQ population
Schlomo doesnt hunt, can see animals in the zoo or on line, His game is your wallet, that's why its called a Strip-Mall, its strips you of your assets!
I see. Someone who never lived alongside wild animals. Well let me tell you, fuck wild life and fuck wild animals. A boar can jump up over m high and drag you down from a tree, and they never come alone now, because thanks to american corn companies they now breed - times a year(instead of ). Or how a bear kills - cows and maybe eats their liver and that is all. Or how a pack of wolfs can kill - sheeps, not to eat just to kill. And if you had dogs around the sheeps they will kill the dogs too.
Dude, I know you guys dislike each other a lot after the s. But don't compare Croatia to places like Albania or the Former Soviet Republic of Moldova.
It’s tragic. My ideal America is (white fascist ethnostate of course) one where we have the big cities (main metropolitan areas) and small rural town scattered about the nation. We would live in true symbiosis with nature. Eco-fascism for the win.
Consume earth. Create golems, create the soulless assets to house them. Create narrative??Profit !
We haven't had a population correction in far too long. Covid isn't doing it's job.
maybe quit being a dumb cunt and put up fencing? plant repellent plants?we have to deal with small critters like coons, as well as large ones like deer, elk and bears and we manage well enoughgo back to turkey
t.
jews even wanted to get rid of central park in nyc because it's prime real estate. Jews would pave over every last bit of nature if they could.
Human structures coves very little land.Crops cover far more.
To hell with dangerous predators
We have a shit load of black bears where I live and mountain lions are prevalent all throughout the midwest. OP is a faggot.
Coons can weigh up to  pounds, and fences don't do shit to stop them. Humane, instant-death traps are the only solution.
Ive seen a black bear in person before. Theyre pretty cool looking
A black bear requires about  square kilometers of territory.Population density in the USA is about  people per square kilometer.In cities, it's about  people per square kilometer.In suburbs, it's about  people per square kilometer.Whenever we need to accomodate people, we have to sacrifice wild space.Building cities means you only have to sacrifice  black bear every . humans... but said humans will live in tiny appartments with next to no green space.Building suburbs means you have to sacrifice  black bear for every . humans wishing to live in something a bit more roomy than your average commie block.At this rate, I'll say "fuck the bears"
is that supposed to get under my skin, mahmoud bin jizzraeli?
What is an ecosystem for $, please
Antifa Brought Power Tools!!!
nothing ever happens
antifa huh....any proof antifa is even present or will they simply claim credit?
these dumb faggots don't even know the names for common power tools. thats an angle grinder.
circle sawThats a fucking grinder.
What is it with the federal warehouse? What is in there that they care so much about
This. Goddamn these faggots.
I am probably wrong but that looks exactly like my brothers Snap-On cut off wheel. You have to remember they are all living off their parents credit cards.
dilate
Why would you cut an entire hole, when you should be cutting what links the pieces. How is this not obvious? Almost seems like these people are retards.
or could be Milwaukee.
not using mommy's credit card to buy a harbor freight plasma cutter These faggots are completely useless.
Snap-On cut off wheelWould they even know what Snap-On tools are? They’ve probably never worked on a car in their lives, and you can’t exactly walk into your local Home Depot and pick up a new Snap-On cutoff wheel. I’m betting in Milwaukee.
*expecting a gay asian man to know power tools*
I think it’s safe to say that DeWalt is now *officially* /OurTool/.some guy made a dewalt AR once, not sure if fun or cringey
why the federal courthouse?any important documents in there that (((they))) want to destroy?
It’s a fence too, grinder ain’t going to do shit, unless he’s trying to go at it for hours, a pair of bolt cutters would make quick work of that fence. Don’t think that person ever touched a tool in their life if they think that is going to work. Unless of course they brought a tool that isn’t meant for the job in order to look like they were doing something while not actually cutting the fence.
FedsTheir egos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcmhTBEIAeohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fujBNTvc
some guy made a dewalt AR onceSounds like the perfect tool for killing communist scum
What the fuck is a "circle saw" jesus fuck
/pol is a board of peace, sir
Sorry bro but you're braindead too. Grinder with a cut off disc will eat through that expanded metal, way faster than bolt cutters.
You would need like,  blades to make a hole big enough in that fence for someone to get through.Wouldn't a torch be better?
Are they out doing this shit during the day light?
It's the Mark O. Hatfield federal courts building.It's chock full of law and the gollums hates it.
With a cutoff disc you could have a man-sized hole in that fence with one blade in less than  minutes.
Wouldn't a torch be better?Aren’t backpack cutting torches super expensive? Where would you even go about getting one of those?
Why are the cops not open firing?
The handle is on the snap on side and the handle end looks snap on. BUT I could be wrong.
Makita " is the industry standard in the steel trades you cuck
mfw Americans call a circle saw an ‘angle grinder’
Oh no not power toolsMaybe they'll actually learn some real life skills and get a job that doesnt involve showing their bussy on livestreams
circular sawMate thats a fucking angle grinder lmfao
A zip would cut a hole in that shitty expanded metal if used correctly. It's the battery on a cordless tgat you would be worried about
what is a plasma cutter
fuck cutting a 'x' section of fence out in like - slices. far more punk rock to cut a 'x' section in ( captchas)
NOOOOOOO why won't you defend us from TYRANNY while we vandalise and break into property!!! You're HYPOCRITS!!!
Lmfao. Dude, "angle grinder" is the name of the tool. You can attach different heads to it depending on what you want to do. A cut-off head is what you use to cut through metal. You don't use metal to cut through metal.
You realize you need power and a high cfm compressor for that. I have that same shitty chinese cut  in my shop. She's pretty decent
why aren't you protecting them A ppl?they did nothing wrong and they are your friends
and unless the guy is left handed, he's using it backwards which can cause dangerous binding or kick backs
A circular saw cuts through wood, not metal dumbass. They're two completely different things.
A single zip disc could cut every individual link on that fence
watch the cops come out and show them hand tool safetyhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IkVBa-Vk
they are a bunch of fags... if we wanted to break into a fence.. it would have been done on day  not day +
it's an aluminum oxide cut off wheel. it will cut through /-/ inch steel in like  seconds
A circular saw is a shitty tool for cutting chain link. They need an angle grinder.
A grinder like this, except with a v plug is a industry standard for cutting and grinding steel. Every welder gas two with him, one for grinding, one for buffing
circle saw
go back to your grammar circular jerk.
that clip
A people showed up at Charlottesville. Antifa called them Nazis.
Small bottle of acetylene and small bottle of oxy in a large backpack. Add guage hose and torch

Ya, that's so easy to source out
Bolt cutter will get you through faster.
circular saw cuts through wood, not metal dumbassahem
how tf do you have the right hugh laurie pic but not the pastaI'm impressed
clipfag.
oxyacetylene torches are kind of ass to work outside of heist movies and a workshop where you have a few minutes to get it right. especially with these limp wristed faggots, they would have no idea how to work it.
Yeah, but it wont make sparks for the camera
Plumber sized bottle of acetylene or map gas and a small medical o bottle aren't hard to get, not that these Fucking retard could set it up or balance a regulator to cut shit anyway
how to get inside, and inside of the building
could you fucking imagine some  year old antifa idiot trying to find reduction fittings and compatible torch heads for a custom oxyacetylene setup? they wouldn't even know how to use the wrench to tighten the fittings
It's not ass, you're just not good at it.I can cut mild over / like a plasma with oxy fuel torch.
As a man, there is so much wrong with what andy called the tool and also the fact that they chose to use that particular one.These faggots are so clueless.
it really is. i get a Q tank of oxy for  bucks. bough the tank second hand for . i dont use acetylene so im not sure of the price there but propane and oxy running through the right torch will do the trick
I would love to watch someone catch on fire from trying...
Yes would take like  minutes and have few meter hole innit. I ques these people are not exactly clever or used to work.
Show me where i can easily get an acetylene bottle smaller then a . Please.And a medical o bottle? What combinations of regulators and hiw long will it take for you to scab these fittings togther so they all flow into the same torche body?This isn't tge movies, picking up a $ cordless makita is alot easier
I like these videos, very modern
Ez as fuck to use and wield, wtf are you on about? It's whether they would use the cutting tip or just try use a standard tip.
Whenever i get someone to run propane/oxy they cant even get it going.Cutting torche is not that easy to set up in run given the situation
Stupid hapa nigger can't even identify an angle grinder from a circular saw. Oh well at least antifa have good taste in power tools, milwaukee gang rise up.
you can do this little setup from like harbor freight but i dunno if it's worth shit. this is about as easy as it gets but even then, for someone who has never used a tool before it's probably stressful
Antifa is literally the text book definition of terrorists. Keep playing with fire retards.
I could probably scab that together in my garage  minutes, And I'm not a plumber, but I would imagine linde or air liquid or something like that would have the tiny acetylene bottles
whose fucking side are you on here benedict anon?
fucking retard. you already have experience. did you just pick up and learn how to use acetylene or did someone teach you?
Mechanic hereMilwaukee's new FUEL stuff is my go-to for every power tool. They have RIDICULOUS power for a battery-powered device. My M FUEL impact wrench has  ft-lbs of removing torque. You can jump start a car with these things.The device in OP pic could easily chew through any shitty steel fence, and do it for  straight hours too. I cut through a brake rotor (two layers of /" hardened steel with fins between them) with mine just to see if I could, and it barely broke a sweat. They also cost $.
And you can put a chainsaw disc on a grinder or a dildo on a sawzall, doesn't mean it's the tool for the job.
Like a commie would have any idea how to use tools.
Fuckin speds, I'd have loved it if whatever cutter they used wasnt the right one or overheated and ended up like pic related in some niggers head
Milwaukee is a chinies brand. I care not!May god be with us all!
Retard, hacksaws have been used to cut metal for longer than you've been alive. A sawsawl would get that done but angle grinder with a cutting wheel isn't a bad option.
How to lose your fingers Saw a guy with something similar to that on a big dick double battery dewalt grinder once, holy fuck it looked super sketchy.
Same as thisWould still be heavy and annoying to drag over and do the same jerb that a angle grinder could do in a minute.Given then price, thickness of steel and time, i would pick the grinder every time
I've seen a lot of shilling on /pol/I have to admit, I've never seen a shill for Milwaukee power tools on the board.Hats off to you, sir.You get a peanut.
Aw shit, here we go. Antifa faggots don't want the blame now. You're terrorists now. Either embrace it or shut the fuck up and stay home.
https://www.bitchute.com/video/snPYDjKBEQ/
pretty sure it's satire
A "A /"A ."A v "A die grinderA v sawszall with  though  tooth ladesIn theory, is what a welder might carry.
I'd rather just set myself on fire and save $ than buy an OAW kit from harbor freight. I love the place for their cheap hand tools but there's some stuff you just don't take the chance on quality.
Antifa is funded by the CCP. China even sent them weapon caches.
No peanut for you
Not even just Milwaukee really although they are good shit, your average modern brushless drill will dislocate your wrist in one second no problem using a big auger drill bit if you aren't braced and holding that cunt properly.
Shit is super dicey. There was a video floating around /diy/ of a guy who stuck one on his makita and ended up with it embedded in his stomach.The things catch and buck like crazy and will just fly off a worn flange because of how heavy and off-balance they are.
Anon. its seatle. there is a .% chance theres a glass blower in that crowd. a cheap gtt or a decent hance torch would rip through that fence. Not saying its likely that it would happen, or that its a good idea. angle grinder is definitely the right choice, im just saying it would surprise me one bit some dumb ass hippy with his burner trying fight the man.
Agreed
so much noise and lighttoo easy to spotbetter to cut it slowly like a prison break unnoticed and burst through when the time is right
i made a miniature foundry furnace to melt bronze using propane torch heads from harbor freight and they leaked like a mother fucker and caught on fire all the time. still melted metal, though!
Milwaukee makes legit the best power tools, yes its chinkshit but so is every other power tool brand.
That's a good point. These fuckheads only care about making instagram pictures.
Milwaukee fuel grinders are like k RPM and no jam, dewalt v eat them. And no you won't get  hours of run time without a dozen $ amp packs
(you) funny fucker
I always thought robbing one of those snap on trucks would be more lucrative than an armoured car with bank money
Prove antifa exists.
Absolute rip off. Look closely at the oxygen bottle - it's only g. The reviews on home depot are % angry customers who say it lasted  minutes before being completely empty.
Easily, snap-on tools command absurd prices without the a red guards associated with money trucks.
You really think a limp-wristed white liberal commie knows how to use power tools?

Blow inside to fill it with air again
haha holy shit. didn't know that. ive used the map gas goes fucking quick and it's x
My M FUEL impact wrench has  ft-lbs of removing torqueI’ve got a Bosch Freak . myself. Honestly all these new brushless impacts have an absolutely stupid amount of torque. It’s really impressive shit.
humans breathe out .% oTabernac
Assuming you made off with the entire truck, you could dip all the tools in oily puddles to make them look used, sell them on FB marketplace for % of Snap-On's asking price, and still make several hundred thousand dollars.
Lmao is that a fucking angle grinder?
lol fucking amateurs...try something that works.
need place to plug inneed air compressorneed place to plug air compressor in when the tank empties because you brought a shitty little pancake one
Why anyone use that and not chainsaw?Seems very unpractical.
biggest theft in history is of an armoured car. Crafty nip ran up to a bank car dressed as a cop yelling "BOMB". long story short security hoped out the truck, he gave em the ol one two nip-a-roo, convinced em the truck was about to explode and hoped in and drove off.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/_million_yen_robberyNot saying that it would work on a snap-op truck.....but you wont know unless you try.
What about  of them?
You can also get a cold cutting blade for a circular saw. Mine has this one:
I’d believe it honestly. How much cash is in an armored truck at a time? It’s not as much as you’d think. Even for  cents on the dollar, a full truck of Snap On tools might actually be worth more.
Yeah, the sizes of bolts and nuts that I can get off with my M driver are absurd, some of the guys in the shop used to laugh at me and pre-emptively setup the air powered rattlegun, they are not laughing anymore.
Fucking retard, I could adjust it to a perfect cutting flame in like  seconds, the first day I learned how the thing worked.
Milwaukee probably makes the best battery tools, but Fein wipes the floor with them for mains powered tools for quality and reliability. Their grinders, pipe polishing machine and straight grinders are just mint.
Milwaukee range is too small. Makita literally have x more products, better batteries (Samsung cells) and better brushless motors. And even then Mafel FestoolMakitaDewaltMilwaukee. Milwaukee are Bosch/Hitachi tier.
Antifa are terrorists.Antifa apologists are terrorist sympathizers.
Thats the biggest theft in Japanese history, but it was only equivalent to $, dollars at the time.
Retard, hacksaws have been used to cut metalI know, I'm not speaking in general, I'm saying with an angle grinder. The cut off heads (i.e. Radnor) aren't made of metal.
Half a century later, the case remains unsolved.Absolutely honorary, based nip making off with nearly a million bucks scott free.
How'd he pull that off?
Who else would it be?
FestoolOhnononononono he brought into the hype, don't buy that trash.
no you didn't. you didn't just see two tanks in a room, decide to mix the gas and cut metal. that never happened.
sorry i did mean to put japanese history
I bent the fuck out of an electrical box for a transformer when the hole saw grabbed. I had the second handle on it and everything but it still got away from me. It was a milwaukee fuel m drill.We're at that point where the motors are as strong as they need to be, but we just need better batteries. It's the battery that will stall out if it's not completely full or totally mint condition.
Dude I worked construction and in a shop for  years.When we wanted to cut through thick metal we would torch it (oxygen + acetylene) or do plasma cutting. You use an angle grinder for smaller/thinner applications.
Wouldnt ramming a car be the most efficient way to break the fence ?
fucking % of soldiers photod lately have the hood patch
probably with an actual grinding, not cutting wheel too
ok faggots i just asked because i don't think antifa are competent enough to bring any proper tools or able to afford any
There is no hype. Granted they're overpriced, but the warranty is unmatched, other than Hiltis. I've got  lads on my books and £k worth of tools. Carpenter contractor for  years...think I probably know more than you about tools. Given you think Milwaukee are the best when the head is just the ex DeWalt head, when DeWalt were inferior to how they are now, says a lot.I lived in Christchurch for  years. NZ is poor as shit with shit tool selection. You're writing from inexperience.
I've seen a nigger ram a fence like that, ended up bending the shit out of the fence and his car got stuck hanging on it with the back wheels in the air. I lol'd.
this is the first time these stinking rats worked in their lives
Hilti are /our tools.....swiss made.
Wouldnt ramming a car be the most efficient way to break the fence ?Not most modern lightweight unibody cars.
Over priced garbage
How are you so fucking dumb that you believe the car you were just driving is about to explode, and the cop warning you about it will drive it to safety?
Maybe in frogland, but here in the good'ol US of A we can legally posses tannerite and thermite if these faggots had any balls.
lol circle saw, thats a fucking grinder.
Just leave traps for them. Land mine could do
Daddy’s power tools are free to steal for his little anarchist.
considering where it broke and how it looks all fucked up anyway, maybe he had it jammed the whole way in on a sheet of metal and bent it. idk, ive never had one explode and i dont fuck around with those things. theyre dangerous even using them properly. % attention required
clipkys you're are self
If you're not buying DeWalt, you're either poor or a faggot, regardless of Antifa status.
festoolAnon please don’t tell me you actually buy that green and gray overpriced bullshit
A RAM might do the trick
Ok. And you're not wrong. Abrasive cutting disks are better than metal options for the task. That said, I've used a tungsten carbide chop saw to accurately cut through Al stuff, like shower doors. Mows through it like butter.
still a highly BASED robbery. no-one hurt, no-one threatened (unless you count the letter sent to bank manager beforehand), no violence, no intimidation.
Probably for the better. Cut off wheels are much more prone to exploding because it's much easier to bend them and put them into odd positions they are no designed for.Actually I take that back. I would prefer them use a cut off wheel, set the guard wrong or take it off completely, and then be mutilated when the wheel explodes.
They're just fucking around, honestly. The pantifa faggots aren't serious. They could over-run the place easily with the + people there. They're just playing games. Running in, doing something stupid, getting gasses, run away again. Rinse and repeat all fucking night. They just chose the federal building because it was the most dramatic target (thanks, media)
No guard, " wheel on a " grinder, push the disk don't pull, what could go wrong
If you're not buying DeWalt, you're either poor or a faggotTool snobs are faggots indeed
You deserve a dick in the mouth
Suck my $ screwdriver, Craftsman-fag.
do americans really?
What I wanna know is this....Why the fuck they taking all that time to cut through what im sure is s.s. expanded metal. Which is a bitch unless its flat and supported....When they coulda cut the three freakin bolts holding the gate hinges?And wtf how much tax dollars was wasted putting up that piece of shit fence? I woulda put up regular chain link...then electrified with a high volt low amp transformer like they do in crackville Hotlanta?I used to offer the crackheads  bucks to touch the one around my shop. , volts would throw their asses but not hurt them seriously.Wtf all the way around.
If you say so my dude, enjoy your plastic and oillite bushing garbage.paying over a thousand dollars for a saw and they don't even use bearings for the shaftWew lad
NOOO YOU CAN'T USE THE WRONG WORD FOR MUH MAGARINO
I hope you get raped with a ryobi fucksaw.
Me, too, anon. Me, too.
I've had loads of cutoff wheels explode on me when cutting rebar sheets, none of them had even remotely the kind of force to lodge it inches into my face, I'm not really sure how these accidents happen desu.
Harbor freight
I'm not convinced he's using a Milwaukee. Maybe it's the camera flash or glare from the sparks, but that thing looks way to glossy to be a Milwaukee. I don't see any Milwaukee branding on it either.I think it's a generic, made in chinka, harbor freight,cheap ass knockoff model.
Suck my $ screwdriver, Craftsman-fag.I buy buttplugs that also happen to be screwdrivers
Makita is still Japanese owned. Every other power tool company have been bought out by a Chinese corporation. Enjoy funding communists
Way faster than they did it. The mini bolt cutters for hard wire just unzip fenches
 antifa publicly supporting a corporationantifa
Fucking retardI was in demolition for a few years and an angle grinder goes through fences like butterUnless it has timber in it, and angle grinder is the perfect tool for the job
He doesn't use Wiha master race screwdriversShit taste, also those blue parts are composed partly of butyric acid which smells like vomit after a few years.Still made in chinkland though.
Angle grinder is a common tool, circular saws are a different tool usually equiesnwoth a toothed blade. The British have fanny grinders
the " ones aren't bad, I've had them draw blood, wouldn't want to get it in the eyeThe " ones are the killers, most safety enthusiasts haven't used any power tools that didn't say "Hello Kitty" on the side.
Yeah which is unfortunate... From what i gathered their lower end products are made exclusively in china
fpbp
Wtf would you even use an " cutoff wheel for?Yeah, I would buy exclusively Makita if it was all still made in japland.
These people insist on riding bikes or taking public transportation, and if they don’t, they drive Priuses, which would probably crumple upon impact.
Milwaukee make good tools. But I thought for consistency they would have use pic related
I've gotten little chunks cut my legs and arms from slightly angling wrong when cuttingHad a shard hit my safety glasses and get lodged in em one day and I nearly shit my pants
All my precision screwdrivers are Wiha actually. I really like them a lot. The Wera ones I’ve got are all bit holding screwdrivers. The ratcheting ones are really, really useful.
Depth of the cut matters if you don't have access behind whatever you're cutting.
oh so they finally admit they are tools
Don't they have the same velocity regardless of their size? The . inch ones spin at k rpm and the larger ones are about half that rpm but twice the diameter. It works out to something like mph but don't quote me on that. It's very fast.
" for cutting RHS and bigger sections, anything that's too thick for a " cut off or a cut that you need to plunge down in to. I've also used them for blending in stop/starts on MIG welds, and as a rough way of removing spatter as they don't bite in on the flat like a grinding disc does, and much more. They have so many uses. A " grinder is almost all the tool one ever needs.
I honestly don't remember what the big ones spin at, but they tent to shed bigger chunks with more mass. I did have one send a piece through my jeans and about / into my leg back in the day though.
Wtf is a rebar sheet?Im guessing a grinder spinning , rpms generates enough force to splinter a cutoff wheel and embed some of it in your skull.I know a  rpm table saw blade was more than enough to throw a inch triangle of mahoghany into my left eye face. Knocked eye out busted it lime a grape. Shattered all orbit and sinus bones. If mahaghony wasnt so hard that it bounced it prolly woulda went on into my brain. Thats a tenth of the rpms. So yeah...
not using a : block and tackle. weak
I know a snap on guy's wearhouse got hit during these recent riots, made off with almost a million in inventory from what I heard. Supposedly the tools are easy to track with the serial numbers so reselling that stuff is risky. Also most snap on dealers that I've seen had cameras on the trucks, too.
I remember in high school woodshop a friend of mine broke his hand on the table saw when it kicked back. It threw the piece of wood with so much force it lodged itself in the protective glass that wasn't supposed to break we had in between the tools and the classroom.The teacher left it there for a while to show it as an example to not fuck around. Safety first!
Wtf is a rebar sheet?Pic related. Fellas, you're doing something wrong if you've had discs explode. Ive had them chip but never explosively disassemble.
A rebar sheet is the -mm steel bar mesh that goes into concrete slabs. That sucks though man, the difference is inertia. A mains table saw blade is way, way heavier and has a shitload more torque behind it than a battery grinder.
Oh and I forgot to mention, good luck trying to warranty anything with a serial number tagged as stolen property
When you cut dozens of sheets a day in the hot sun, inevitably you fuck up and the disc catches on angle and yeets itself into oblivion.
the seattle pd giving people a heads up that it's risk free to go out and steal and loot in a couple of days.
How is Andy still getting on the ground footage at these riots? I thought he was smash on sight among antifags, and if they're brawling with police I can't imagine they're giving him a pass
Yea, not gonna lie. Last time it happened I was reaching behind a empty /" steel water tank one handed between the tank and a wall cutting it in half to get it out of the mechanical room.
or hyper tough lol
you can tell they aren't in the trades because they're using milwaukee instead of makita
looks like it might be some what of a tight spot though, angle grinder requires less real estate. Plus these under  lb faggots got too much onions in their diet to be able to make use of a bolt cutter
Antifa is a hoaxThey don’t really exist you massive faggots
How is Andy still getting on the ground footage at these riots?He’s got sources on the ground, it’s obviously not him personally.
Hope you fellas are wearing double eye protection.
Pliers, most likely.
I'm an electrician and I've never seen a person with a Makita. Most common is Milwaukee and then Dewalt, and it's like / between those two companies.
ah, a witty twitty webby clippy, jolly good old fellow, jolly good
KekYe boi, grinders are dangerous man.
you can move the handle, fucktard
This, I work for an electric company, literally everyone uses Milwaukee.
give them one but first take off the flash arrestors and don't show them how to light it
some of you guys are true boomers with all this knowledge about power tools and shit. like you guys probably have kids and shit.
Pick up a drill faggot and learn how to do shit, there is no excuse in the age of the Internet. You can learn how to do literally anything.
lets see. i dont work a blue collar job. i dont need to learn anything about power tools. i dont own a car. i live in an apartment with people to fix my shit if i need them to. your point?
Cool, so you're a faggot soiboy.
*cough cough* if i need people to fix my shit i call the management company and then wait a few weeks for them to do something about it. maybe i should learn a few things about power tools
Learn about tools and be handy with them even though they're just handyman level stuff will help you in the long run. Simple fixit jobs are a breeze. Get better and it'll boost your creativity.
Chain link and diamond pattern fences aren't thick metals, retard. They are small/thin applications. I can see why you workED in the shop. Surprise you lasted more than  days.
Wouldn't a rope be better to bring down the fences?
add a good disc to it and it will cut through steel pipes no problem
not buying makita If I have to purchase slant tools, I'll at least support /ourjaps/
Man parades down London’s Oxford Street wearing nothing but mask
lol it's so smll though
brave and powerful
Legend
I wishMight have something nice to look at
Nope. It ain't nigger either.
Based & naked nutcase pilled
Jon Snowcone.
the jew fears the primal White man
his junk was perfectly covered by small maskuhhh
He looks kind of like davinci wheel man nice. I hope to achieve this mode in few months
That's not a typical britbong body is it?No, it's way too white
heh
if your dick and balls can fit behind a single mask then you deserve to be assaulted by more qualified black men
why are you so obsessed with cocks?
wtf
The growers life is a cruel one
it's genetics
looks normal to me, not small. probably grows to a nice  inches.
HE WAS IN THE POOL
dbs confirm.
vitruvian man
I don't know why these fags are so obsessed with dick size. As long as you're faster than % of women, your dick size doesn't matter
Because I'm a girl, both body and mind.
He's a grower of course.
looksdid you join your local faggot club allready?oh a m lanklet has joined the chat
based
Are most people not growers? I'm -" flaccid depending on the temperature, about .-" erect. It just seems really weird to be the same size all the time.
Speaking as a raging homo who has seen a lot of cock up close that's entirely normal anon.Anyone who suggests otherwise is lying. : )

I don't know why these fags are so obsessed with dick sizeWell they are fags. It's weird to them that is guy isn't sexually exited walking around outside like that when they would be.
Nah, I prefer cock mate, thanks.
confident and assertivephysically fitWhiteI guess this guy can walk around naked or whatever, doesn't look abnormal.
Are people in your country going insane about masks? I can’t fucking believe how people are freaking out here over them. Some cunt screamed at me for not wearing a mask alone in my car. It’s like a cult
When you build your kinder surprise toy out of order
Kek
holy shit that's tim something? famous parkour guy who went totally schizoid a few years ago. started drinking his piss and stuffhes got a gymnast build and has really good upper body strength, which is a given since he competed and i think won a bunch of tournaments, didnt know he jumped so far off the deep end
Post tits, whore
Then burn in hell you depraved degenerate faggot.
He means he's a tranny
that dude looks like the guy from letterkenny
Hi from Moldova
The town rapist.
Can you enter Transnistria or is it closed off
Yer tits
Tiraspol, Bendnery, Ribnitsa, and Dubashary
I want to see children playing together and adults just hanging out with out any reason. (those are symptoms of healthy society)
Something tasty or somewhere to get something tasty
the well that jews are thrown into
Nice full house digitsI want to see pretty girls
creepshots
Gonna sound fucking retarded. I wanna see the grass. I’m always amazed that it never looks different anywhere in the world
You're sweat caked hairy balls.
thought about taking a vacation there. Your thoughts?
What are the chicks like there?
Is this weev?

nightclubs/brothels
Give me some of that Andy's Pizza Shit is actually not bad
The States (Anglosphere) has a very rich culture of grasskeeping that I love, but can't find anywhere else in the world. Avoid at all cost.  redeeming factors. What are you looking for? You can find it better in Ukraine or Romania.Nobody has checked this gem? Shame.The entire country is a brothel.
Well?
They are really pretty, slav balkan mixI'll try to take some pictures wait
The pigeon lady
Young priest
I'll try to take some pictures waitthanks
Show me some a hooker, ask her to flash teetas

Best i can do
show us the sluts, OPmoldovan whores are world-class
hiding behind a tree
how about food. street food
ask them how much
Transnistria or GTFO

Isn't Moldova the lowest ranked European country in terms of HDI?
Probably, i think recently it entered the high category
smeg
Can you show us the gopnik part of town?
 COFFEE & FURSECURIahahahaha you made my day anon, thanks
Find someone wearing a mask.
Posting in comfy thread. I want a picture of a Moldovan crosswalk. They seem to be different in every country. Best wishes Moldovan anon.
LA CIOCANA!
Any cooooomers
le-as fute pe amandoua.de asemenea, BASARABIA E ROMANIA

seamana cu parcul comunist construit aici in oras la mine, in Moldova reala
How does a westerner get to move and work there?
go to auto bus and see how many people are still up drinking from last night.
Are the borders with Romania or Transnistria closed at the moment?
Is she getting sacred vows to lose weight in the name of fit lord?
Maybe, it sounded like a exorcism
Any sunny place with decent looking girls and alcohol where there is no niggers/shitskins is ok in my book.
Looks comfy in a socialistic way.
I gotta say it looks pretty comfy.What's the downside? What's the bad part?
can you picture some graffiti?
I used to have a comfy life leaving with my multi generational familiy in the countryside(pic related) ... Buutt noooo, I had to move to Bucharest and get an education to live off of  euros a month in a commie block for the rest of my life. The game is rigged don't play it
I wanna know about the politics, is it corrupt?
Yeah, who controls your politicians?
The most corrupt in europe
I wanna know about the politics, is it corrupt?Yeah, who controls your politicians?Putin through a puppet called Igor dodon
Your cities seem to be commiblocked but pretty green. I like it!
 dollars salaries
Checked and keked
The parlament
How does that jew that stole % of gdp look like
it's too fari really like it. more green and roomy than bucharest
 Party of CommunistsWould you describe the economic model of your country as communism?
can you please picture some walltexts or graffitis? also behind the blocks?
i meant to take some pics behind the blocks* not only on main streets. i want to see.
it's good old fashion robbing barons capitalism with cheap gibs trown in to calm down the retired socialist boomer voters
Somewhere with good foodGreen spacesGood architectureLocal women
smegsmegma kek
Lmao
No money left to steal.Jews and Gypsies hate this.
Do you have any old contraptions?
It’s amazing that grass has so few regional variations. Looks like the stuff in my yard. Thanks anon!
The well kept yard is a white mans tradition. My yard is atrocious with sand burrs... fucking rabbits prevent me from removing it
Pic of local cigarettes or people out for a smoke?
No coloured people, looks boring desu
Yeah, pretty much. it's quite nice. This is the view from my flat
FPBP Checked and Kek'd
I don't understand why you are still waiting for a response, especially with quality digits such as that. You know damn well OP has a pic of his daddy somewhere.
And at night
Shut up, nigger!
How do I get a job if there are no jobs /pol/?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIqO-LTvGyA
Ride the tiger. stay on benefits.
It’s funny, I am also looking right now. I am not only looking in Germany but elsewhere too.Sometimes these job offerings say how many people applied. In Germany you often see job offerings with only  or  applications even after  weeks or often . Look outside of Germany, for instance London, and you see  applications or  etc.I wonder if Germany ain’t such a shithole after all. Already got  job interviews lined up after  days of job hunting and  serious applications.
Get your lazy us off and find any job. If you dont mind wiping asses, there is ton of work available in care homes.
you're too lazy... I have college degree and was working as cashier and taxi driver (minimum salary) for five years...
I'm a hiring manager in Tokyo. I get the same rate of applications because full time jobs that pay okay for young people are really rare.I don't have time to read a + cvs. I take all the resumes, shuffle them, and trash % of them. I don't hire unlucky people.
I take all the resumes, shuffle them, and trash % of them.How come you get  applications? Japan has a low unemployment rate, so why aren’t you hunting new employees instead of vice versa.
I think it might be because a lot of people work at / or family mart and the like part time so they don't count as unemployed but they're still looking for actual jobs
That's a bit of a misnomer. We have a high rate of employment, yes, but most of these jobs are undesirable. "Make work", or dead end. We have many, many small businesses that while nice, doesn't get you anywhere.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haken_(employment)A majority of young people are spend a whole year doing this, or if they're wealthy enough, interviewing with various companies for about four months to one year.tl;dr job hunting is soul crushing in Japan
make k a yearfeel guilty that I'm not making k a year like moshe says people should make on TVlook for other jobs now and thennothing but jobs that make LESS money than me and always slammed with + applications
better you than the bankers. stay on benefits for as long as you can.
If the economy is functioning normally even with % unemployment, really makes you think what the point is for the rest of us.
Becoming natsoc country
Btw I think natsoc country should not be oppresive or a police state.
It's not exactly functioning "normally", but "within acceptable limits". You have to understand that these devils unironically believe in the concept of infinite profit growth. Even a child understands that blindly pursuing infinite anything is a fool's errand. If they can somehow lower the standard of living to a bare pittance and get the bulk of the population cowed into subservience through creature comforts + social media to prevent them from rising up and killing the top of the pyramid, they will gladly churn out free gibs while balancing tiny small percentage gains vs the rate of inflation.
Try working on chan, legend says they pay very well.
Become a tranny and live off NEETbux.
I’ve moved just outside London to be with my partner during Lockdown and have been applying for work continuously everyday for about  months , I never get any responses although my CV isn’t great , it’s definitely not bad. One year bar working experience , one year warehouse and one year office work - I don’t think this is that bad for a  year old who’s just looking for any job. Is any other bongs struggling?
I'm an engineer and I switched jobs during lockdown for banter. Not sure what the issue is, just don't get a meme job like hospitality or be an office cuck
I work at Tescos and our store was actually short staffed. This in Norfolk though.
Dude if I was able without a degree (eternal student) to get a job at the consulting branch front office of big  tax and audit firms through advanced mastery of getting my foot in the door you're lazy if you can't find one. For % of posted jobs there are skills to be learnt on coursera or EDX at the drop of the hat
This filthy plumber is right. Sending your CV out pointlessly isn't doing anything. Go to where you want to work, introduce yourself, make calls, be annoying. Right now you're a name buried in a stack (if you're lucky), or a computer system rejected you because you didn't use the super important keyword of the week.If you're annoying and they don't hire you, it doesn't matter. They weren't going to hire you anyway.
Why would you want a shitty minimum wage job when you can stay at home, study to become a specialist in an IT or engineering field, and be paid for it?It blows my mind.
Same here OP I'm even looking at shit that's a hour away
How do I get a job if there are no jobs /pol/?MORE MIGRANTS!COMMENCE THE ENRICHMENT!
wipe my ass, millennial, yeah how that taste snowflake? eat it like the avocado toast you love so much. no safe spaces here you lazy entitled crybaby!Millennial and zoomer nursing home workers should make sure to have plenty of "accidents" causing boomers to choke to death slowly and have other agonizing deaths.
partnerWho? Your business partner?
My girlfriend of  years
Our countries wouldn't NEED to bring in immigrants if people like you didn't think most jobs are beneath you and expect $+ an hour.
I worked for a while with receiving applications at an organization that recruited lots of people for lots of different jobs, mostly in Sweden but also for international positions all over Europe.I would estimate that an overwhelming majority of applications were absolute bogus. I wasn't the one doing the hiring, but even to me it was completely obvious that they weren't genuine applications. People would apply to jurist positions without having gone to law school, administration positions without any of the prerequisites, they would apply for translator positions while speaking one language. Their personal letters, were also fake. They clearly had just one letter that they used for all jobs they applied to, containing no information about the specific job they were applying to. They were filled with stuff like "I think I would be a perfect fit for this position" and "I believe my experience would be valuable for this job", without mentioning any specifics about the job or what their "relevant experience" was.
Don't work, just live stream and read comments out loud. Get people to buy you a house while you lie in bed all day.
be meslacker but smartbarely pass high-schooldrop out of collegeparty everydayworkout everydayfuck as much as possiblelate 's nowin best physical shape of my lifeno job bcuz muh ronaunemployment pays more than actual jobhave over  months of rent saved up still have thousands in unpaid benefitsYou ngl it feels lit afAlso found a side job where I can make  a month in un taxed income. Try that out, lots of business owners are struggling too and most people say fuck the gov at this point.
although my CV isn’t great , it’s definitely not badOne year bar working experience , one year warehouse and one year office workHow do you figure this is a "definitely not bad" CV? Is this some kind of a joke? What kind of job do you picture someone giving you? Where are your marketable skills?
One thing will happen in the end if unemployment stays % or higher. Death. No work means no food means no care for your neighbor's life.
Go NEET and you will never have to do without again.CoronaChan has been fun
$+ an hour.$/h isn't enough to live as a white man. Bringing immigrants in, disturb the markets laws and violate the social contract.
I’m not looking for high end jobs mate , I’m applying for absolute scum work and low tier work , every cunt on this board pretends they’re something there not acting like they’re either living comfortably off neet bux or earning thousands every month
old and stale joke. kys larper
I don't hire unlucky peoplebased
I read the joke about a decade ago and incorporated it into my hiring technique. It is what it is.
well you shouldnt be a mong then so you could get a proper job. the problem is everyone wants to be a lazy useless cunt with no skills then theyre surprised when theres no lazy useless cunt jobs because all the lazy useless cunts have taken them
Welcome to /pol/ - Politically Incorrect
Check the catalog before posting a new thread!
Reply to existing threads about a topic instead of starting a new one. New users who do not abide by this principle will be temporarily blocked from creating threads. Mods will delete obvious duplicate threads and spam without notice. Don't bitch because your twitter screencap thread got deleted; there are probably other threads about it. Go look!
What if many of the worst "atrocities" never happened? Jews are very good at hiding the truth and propaganda. What if American slavery never happened (or greatly exaggerated), the European "massacres" and "genocides" in Africa are all fake, and that Hitler didn't do the things mainstream says he did? How many things have they lied about or just wiped away from the history books?
Do some americans really go to work for $. an hour?
no, i get my parents to buy me silver and gold so that no matter what I still have a larger more impressive savings account that most wage-slavies and can feel comfy about it.
almost no one uses the federal minimum, walmart nationally pays  per hour, target pays  starting wage, costco pays , alotta sates pay over federal minimum wage, in fast food its like . to  dollars depending where you live, the only place on the top of my head that pays . is waffle house and theyre usually staffed with gay niggers anyway so fuck em
Do jannies really do it for free?
Anybody who does get paid minimum wage deserves it for being a fucking moron that works for minimum wage
$. an hourLook on the bright side, you are considered 'debt-proof' to the courts. And you pay barely any income tax. And I hope you don't live in Connecticut. And I hope that you have a roommate or two. Or that you work at a restaurant.
ski areas pay minimum wage, but give you lift tickets
LE 56% mutt mosanto mutation
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFEsFGS-trump will save us!
WTF is happening to people?Just looked at my steam's friend list and all my friends from the early s are now weebs, trannies, furries, or depressed nihilists. No exceptions. All of these guys were normal people with normal lives, and now they're degenerate scum.Something happened. This world doesn't seem right.
Flesh is weak, soul is even weaker.It's hard to resist degeneracy without killing yourself.
I have  steam friends
Being weeb is based.
Based.
Strong men make good times. Good times make weak men. They simply don’t want to take on the responsibility of navigating the world as a man. Its harder for them to treated rougher due to this fact so they turn into women because it’s life on easy mode.
ALL OF MY FRIENDS ON STEAM ARE BASED NAT SOC CHADS THAT GET ARYAN DIMES DAYLY
One of my weeb lolicon friends got a gf and became a trucker. Life's weird.
The world hasn't been right for a long time now, friend.
I don't want to watch anime because then I'd go full weeb
people are too scared to speak up, yet want to fit in.
checking your gay shit
Psyops
my friends on steam got third degrees burns
This. Even my lefty friends have Nazi shit on their profiles because it's seemingly totally unmoderated.  You can get the SS symbol in your username with alt command for fuck sake. Ask Ted Kacynski OP.
BPA / Atrazineturned the frogs gay, and the humans
Cletus shouldnt have been on sun
weebNothing wrong with that.
is friends with spergswonders why spergs dont grow up to be normies???
Arabian prince could be anything and he chose to be a weeb. Very aspiring. I hope he's happy.
FACT: Dotards are the most powerful people in the world
based quadbillions will die in this century
All of these guys were normal people with normal livesNo, no and no.Not a good idea to announce how much of a faggot you are.
Alienation, atomization, superficial image based society; needlessness for masculinity, intellectualism or violence, sexual impulses without an outlet that reverses on itself (people are too selfish to fall in love or date.)
Everything wrong with it. Effeminate weeb fatties and skeletons are a plague.
This is an anime website holy fuck, fuck off already.
You really think it doesn't take an absolute chad to be a weeb? Everyone hates you for your superior taste instead of all the blackwashing, racemixing, degenerate shit from Muttmerica.
Video games are pure propaganda
Effeminate weebYeah no, that is not how that works. Remember where you are anon.
welcome to society, it looks comfy, but there is a catch, you're not in control, even of what you think, you think you are someone but you're just simply reprogrammable, your life is a lie
You can get the SS symbol in your username with alt command for fuck sake.lmao no I got banned for "I cant breath" username
Anime is garbage for manchildren
Jews. Did you really not already know this OP?
if you have low test levels watching anime unironically turns you into a depraved furry/tranny it's like a sort of brainwashing.the more you consume something that gives you a pleasurable experience the more your brain is conditioned into wanting it.
Do you have any good multiplayer games anon?Or are you playing single player and expecting NPCs to add you to their frend list?
nothing wrong with animewtf is even the relation between being a tranny and anime??
Most millennials and zoomers grew up watching anime, that's why they are more likely to accept degeneracy because they have been conditioned by CIA jap pedo culture mkultra. You see these retards march in white nationalists parades and then return home to their body pillow of some underaged anime boy. No matter how superior you believe yourself to be, at the end of the day you are merely human and are susceptible to all kinds of mind control shenanigans. People who worship Japanese culture should be treated as the enemy, just like the socialists and communists of all stripes.
My friends have turned out normal. I mean, we’re mentally ill and miserable, but we’re all straight, no drugs, no alcohol, work full time, want to get married. I don’t know why degeneracy smells so good to some people. Diaper furfags and hormone deranged dick amputees are probably caused by demonic possession because at this point it stops being a simple inability to restrain pleasure seeking, as none of this is pleasurable to a sane person.
We used to play TF back in around  on community deathruns and shit.Admins used to ban fags and kick anyone with a weeb spray. Everyone said racist memes outloud and nobody cared either. There was also a real sense of community that you don't get now anywhere. years later the same people that kicked them are the fags and weebs now. It's insane
You are degenerates get out of my thread

I'm glad I introduced my steam friend to /pol/ a few years back.
Power ranking :WeebsDepressed NihilistsFurriesTrannies
today the new gen (alpha) is being "built" as in psychological complexes and cultural influences, maybe they can't control everyone individually (yet), but they surely can in big chunks.
Bruce Jenner dressed like a girl and went on the cover of Vanity Fair and the world hasn't been the same since. Obgersfield vs Hodges unleashed demons.
Playing Dota  for  hours was the only thing that prevented me from being turned into feminine putty by my jew faggot american high school. Doing great now in college and life
Same. One of mine became a gay marxist furry, The other one became an anti police fanatic, And that was before all the riots began
Why do you oust yourself as a fag OP ?
wtf is even the relation between being a tranny and animeI've noticed all trannies seem to like anime and and listen to Britney Spears.I really don't get the Britney Spears shit. Every single tranny I've met loves Britney Spears
QUADSGLERM LOOKS DOWN ON USBLONK
Isn't that the profile of the Saudi prince?

Is no one going to point out that the screenshot is not OP's friend but rather a Saudi Prince? (Who's also a giant weeb)
Yes
Checked and nobodygivesashitpilled. Not even you.
No, someone just put his name on
Trannies try to claim anime cause they are faggots
depressed nihilist
same here, can't see who played with me in Dark Souls in PC, consoles you can, it sucks
Don't watch gay shit then, only manly men in space.
every steam profile pic is either anime, a cat or a rapper
Same, I just use Steam for strategy games.
I miss the good old days of MW and Halo on Xthe chatrooms man, were worth the  bucks a year

im losing my memory
go see a doctor.call right now
Stop drinking
haha smoothbrain BTFO
Let me just say that I'm not aging your thread because this thread isn't remotely political, but I'd start with practicing with some basic memory games. Memory needs to be trained and exercised. Possibly rely on technology less.That said, let's please try keep the quality of posts and especially threads on this board better. Take care.
Yeah stop drinking. Ask you friends or family or god for help.Not in that order per say.May god be with you.May god be with us all!
Brain cancer
how do you remember that lost your memory?
Stop smoking weed. You'll think you're fucking psychic in a month with the amount of shit you remember.
because a few years ago i could remember those same things ,i could remmber what have eaten the last few days ,or make a mental image of what i did steep by the step the en tire day ,not anymore and im only 
PQQ, Lion's Mane it is the rona
sounds like tumor, man
Supplement zinc & seleniumTakes  weeks of  pill a day to receive full effect
There could be multiple reasons this is happening. It could be something as simple as you aren't getting enough sleep at night. All the way up to brain cancer. Hell it could also be your diet. There's no telling unless you give more information, and this is not the place for this.
thanks ,what do you think it could cause it , i dont drink or take any druggs and i live a quite healthy life
But how can you be sure you're remembering properly? Maybe your memory was always faulty and you're just more aware of it.
thanks i will have to go to the doctor even when im terrified of the bad news
,what do you think it could cause italzheimers tumor brain damage lack of oxygen lack of nutrients  things
what a beautiful place. Where is it?
It’s called brainfog and happens due to a lack of zinc & selenium in the body. I got it myself before I started supplementing.
I'm  and feeling the same, my memory used to be really good but now I'm forgetting simple things, I ended up going to the store  times in one afternoon because I had forgotten to buy things.I'm hoping that it's to do with the fact I've been furloughed and stuck at home for ~ months, and not anything serious
You're probably having a series of small strokes which are destroying the short-term memory region of your brain.
I can't remember
make a blog dude.
u probably have carbon dioxide in your house and youre about to die open yuor windows anon
i had/have a similar problem too:this anon is right. what helped me was getting rid of electronics for a while, especially internet with its constant flow of useless information (youtube, chan, social media in general etc.) will rot your brain, ruin your concentration and attention span, and can even cause „memory holes“ due to mental exhaustion.try to cut the electronic jew out of your life for a while, or at least reduce your consumption drastically. instead try to work in silence, read a book, „play memory games“ and try to recall every paragraph you read and to give a summary.i wish you luck, anon. take care
This is a symptom of Covid. It's neuro-invasive.
my foot hurtsits covid
Either stupidity. Or a semen overdose.
*memeflag*"im losing"perfect time to stop and hide the thread!
rest in r.i.p
i live a quite healthy lifeHow is your diet? Did you fall for the vegetarian meme? Let me just tell you that if you don't eat enough nutritious foods like meat, egg, milk and cheese you will have problems. Plant food contains a lot of vitamins on paper, but not in a for we can easily utilise. Eat more meat
typical white boi
how long before you forget about this thread?
Don't wait until it gets worse, go see a doctor asap.
Yeah, my short term memory is utter garbage but my long term memory is razor sharp. It may simply be how your memory works or dementia or other illnesses. Go to a doctor if you are worried instead of asking strangers on an anime board.
op died, rip we will forget you
FUCK
thanks
Take Trump's mental acuity exam.
thanks germanbro
I can't even imagine reading a book in silence now, I'm so used to doing - things at once like watching YouTube/reading chan/playing games/chatting on messenger. I want to cut out the electronic jew and focus on studying, but when you're studying computer science it seems impossible
take the stoner music in the background redpillhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FxI_FLH_kk
Can be many reasons. To much all sorts of distractions. Like constantly "living" in phone or computer mmorpg. Reduce all distractions to minimal. Also diet, eat more meat and more animal fat, also vegetables, try to abstain from sugar and all baked shit, like donuts and white bread. Meat, animal fat and especially fish, it's good for you. Physical activity helps, keep blood pumping. You can have blood vessels clogged up which feed some parts of brain. You depend on external memory devices, all you need remember is in some organizer-calendar thing. Use your brain for this. Try focus and remember things by your own. If you need remember something try to write it on memo. Somehow people after that remember things even if they lost memo. If you need to remember something like lessons. After one day of learning, do two day pause and on day three, repeat lesson. After this brain will remember lessons much better. Also visit doctor and look what's this about. If psychological, don't get any pills and do stuff I wrote above. Don't ruin yourself even more with pills. If physical something like clogged vessel feeding brain, well, brace for impact, maybe there is some surgery that can help. if this some sort of dementia, like Alzheimer's disease you fucked.
Carbon Dioxide poisoning.Call .
B vitamins. Protein intake. Other vitamins. Try a mega b. Can't hurt.
You might have had a stroke.Call a doctor immediately.
Get yourself checked out. Could be lots of things but if it's anything like dementia or whatever that's not a nice way to go so make sure to go out with a bang instead.
I want a wolfe
this, go outside and get pipes checked asap bro
Give me your monies
Is this new?If new, go see a doctor.If you aren’t going immediately, take some aspirin.That can be helpful if you are having a stroke.
Low Testosterone.Also take Semax or Noopept at least + Lions Mane and Alpha GPC.
one post by this id, op was too stupid to add his post to his thread watcher and forgot he made it kek
Don't worry, OP, you're just transitioning into a new timeline. Tomorrow you'll wake up and be a tranny antifa with full memories of taking cock and spray-painting statues, and everything will seem fine.
Same thing happened to me. You need to get off the computer. It's turning your brain into goo. The same thing happens to normies who are addicted to social media. Instead of complaining about memory though they just become even dumber consumers. Instagram thots, women, zoomers.. why do you think they act the way they do?
BLERMP
One time I was working in the forest and I see a wolf. I actually said out loud "ah come on man, I'm just doing this to pay bills, I won't bother you" Then he gives me this sort of "you can stay". What was weird was every so often he would leave and I could hear fighting. It was sort of animal noise, I actually recorded it, and he would just come back. A year or so later I was talking to some people, restoration biologists, and they said they went to the place I was at but left because of all the bears. I never saw a bear or anything the whole time I was there.
now you can fuck really fat girls and you wont have to remember
 here, I'm the same.I don't drink or smoke weed. Don't even fap.I am an internet addict though, thats probably it.
Say it with me: person. Man. Woman. Camera. TV.
Happens to me all the time. I'm guessing mine is because I'm a Karen who's drank diet coke for the last  decades for my flabby roastie ass and it's causing altheimerz
eerie
Maybe the future isn't going to be all bad.
what?
Trending for all the wrong reasons, I'm afraid.(((They))) thought goys how to see things from (((their))) perspective, now the goys are going back to the source. Like in that old movie 'The Stuff'
holy shit, that dude is fucking based lol
Ban twitter posts
Jews

BUMP
what's wrong with being trendy?
lmao based
I think that the days of the great kikery are numbered. Notice how the recent anti-jew happenings are directly related to the crumbling of USA?
Maybe the jew who runs BLM will reconsider his positionMaybe the jew who funds BLM will rethink his positionMaybe the jew antifa who support BLM will attack black people nowMaybe the dindus will be the Nazis this time.Welcome to 
How do you justify making the conscious choice to be religious?
You don't choose. You're indoctrinated.
Many people on /pol/ weren't raised religious and made a conscious choice to convert in an adulthood to be more "trad" or "redpilled"
Just ask a diety for help when you feel like your health is poor/feeling tired or you need help with something
I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.C.S. Lewis
Many on an edgy and contearian anonymous meme-sharing board versus most people in the world.
Figure I'll never really know the truth till I finally kick the bucket, so I just try and pray a few times a week to once a night. Doesn't take that much time out of my life and it covers my ass in the event that there is a god of some kind.Would like to get to mass sometime as well, work schedule permitting.As for the Bible, it makes for some good life advice and moral guidance but I don't put all of my heart and soul into adhering to every principle written down by some ancient goat herders who ALL claimed to talk to God. There's bound to be bullshit in there. I just try and be a decent person, man. Not like I'll know what God REALLY wanted me to do for absolute sure until I meet him.There, I bit your shitty b. Happy?
retards and geniuses belive in GodI guess OP is your average NPC
How does that explain the existence of a Christian god specifically? You've said that the beauty of creation makes it obvious that there was a creator...How do you then determine that this creation was the Christian god and not the Muslim god? Or the Hindu god?What data do you have?Go ahead. I'll wait.
This is a non answer.You basically just said "yeah I'm not sure if god exists, so I just vaguely sort of pray sometimes and kind of imagine he exists in an abstract way"I don't know why you thought what you said here had any weight to it whatsoever
How do you justify making the conscious choice to be religious?You pick the right path, faggot .
Not an argument, faggot.All you've said is that you decide your "beliefs" based on pure emotion and wishful thinking. Like a woman.
humans do not posses absolute knowledge (if such a thing even exists)you don't know what you don't knowa tribe in the amazon for example might have no / conflicting proof about microwaves existing, but that doesn't mean microwaves don't existas such we can only make statements with a probability between ~. and ~.%a certain degree of faith / trust / hope is always requirednow if we were to assume all religions were equally probable, then the best religion to follow is the one that gives us the best reward, threatens with the biggest punishment and is the easiest to follow. tho it would be so easy we'd already be following it so we're goodlastly if we assume there is a difference in the probability, how do you measure it. military success? wealth? amount of followers? age?let's say you were stranded on an island, and there were two tribes. one tribe kills little girls and eats them, the other tribe is good and caring, let's say the cannibals are winning wars against the good people, does that mean god is on their side and they are more probable?you could say instead that god has given us an internal compass to find him, but is it also not the case that different people are drawn to different things.do you believe in godi believe there is a possibility
prove he doesnt exist first. oh wait, you can't
I'm an atheistic gnostic, where do I come in?% LARP probability.
There has never been a single shred of evidence in human history that suggests any religious notion of a monotheistic God existsdefine evidence the bible is a record of human history, you just choose not to believe it and claim to know for certain not only that a monotheistic god existsif you "know for certain" then you have no faith. this is not what religion teaches.Christians, what inside information do you have about the afterlife that Muslims don't?christians trust that jesus rose from the dead, thus confirming that humans can do so also according to muslims, jesus did not die and thus did not get resurrected (quran :-)
There has never been a single shred of evidenceThe concept exists und thus a form of "monotheistic god" dimension exists, but is it like an abrahamic god? Fucckkkkk noooo hahaha.
I justify my conscious choice not to be a mental slave to merchants
what do you want to measure by? land area? wealth? military might? technological advances? peaceful societies? morality? works of charity? preaching / conversion rates? i think you'll find that by near every conceivable metric the christians show the biggest signs of being blessed also you have to keep in mind muhammad was a warlord, the people who followed him wanted plunder and sex slaves, meanwhile the disciples of jesus were put to death in terrible ways (fed alive to lions, beheaded upside down, flogged till their bones were showing, etc.) and all because they refused to reject that jesus was god, surely a scammer would have given up at the first tooth pulled
Yes it is, faggot.
way i see it he's saying that even if god didn't exist he would function better as an individual if he acted as tho he existed meaning that there is always someone watching you, testing you, judging you, helping you, caring about you, and so on and yes you might say "but why christianity" and again you have to see what other religions teach, muhammadans for example teach pedophilia (bukhari : [sahih], quran :) and will kill you if you reject it, among many other deprived things
Imagine how many people are not smart enough to see through the scam of religion, paranormal bullshit and pseudoscience. And then realize that you live in a world where logic and reason are a rare trait. Maybe less than one percent of the population is able to not be fooled.
Observe the desperate coping of a high estrogen, Jew worshipping mind
no material evidence for something non-materialno shit. it's impossible to fully understand something you're inside of
you don't know what you don't knowthere are uncontacted tribes in the amazon for example that don't know microwaves exist, but that doesn't stop microwaves from existinghuman knowledge covers a limited areabecause we lack ultimate* knowledge we can never say we know something with absolute certaintyit can only be a probability, from (aprox) , to ,%, but again ultimately what we believe is irrelevant to the truththere is the question of how do we determine the probability, and is a low-impact high probability better to take into account than a high-impact low probabilityas to the core of your questionCan a supernatural being existsure, aliens, ghosts, and all sorts of other "supernatural" (that is to say, beyond human comprehension, today or just in general) could easily existanything "supernatural" still existed before being "discovered", once it was, it no longer was considered supernatural, that doesn't mean it didn't exist before then thobtw here is your "non-pseudo science" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuKwzMEawI
This is an invalid argument because you start from the false position that one religion must be chosen as "the least bad"This is not the case. If we are presented with many unprovable religious claims, we don't have to select one as being "the least incorrect seeming". We can, and should, outright reject all of the religions because they don't have logic and evidence to back them up
How do you justify making the conscious choice to be religious?It is a moral choice.
I'm not claiming to know affirmatively that god doesn't exist, it is religious people who claim to know affirmatively that he does, which is false and invalid Dogshit argument. All historical groups had some form of religion, and in all eras, there were groups who had successful societies and were successful in war, even before Christianity For example, the romans were very successful and thrived, does this prove the existence of pagan gods?What about the gods of Egyptian thriving Egyptian societies?Before you try to argue "and where are those societies now?" I would ask you the same thing about Christian European society and the current state of the white race By your logic, it is Islam who is "winning" right now, so therefore their religion is the one that is currently correct
No, that wasn't the questionI'm asking you how it is that you are able to know and state affirmatively that this "non material" being even exists at all in the first placeIf you can't answer that, just shut up. Stop trying to act like you have a secret answer hidden up your sleeve. You don't. You don't know what you believe
outright reject all of the religionsdefine a religion we're talking about the truth here, both in terms of what is, and what we would defend it to be (for example if the muslim god was the real one, do i really want to be on his good side? i'd say not, so i would still reject him to his face even if it means i burn in hellfire)don't have logic or evidence but we have both. for example if you keep going back into creation, you would have to arrive at an un-created creator and there have been miracles reported (here's some examples https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrqoCDzUWo) you just reject tem what would be evidence for you? if jesus appeared in front of you right now would you believe? why? could it not be an alien with high technology? could it not be you're hallucinating or dreaming / sleeping or gone crazy? could it not be just a prank by someone? seems to me the one rejecting evidence and logic here is you my friend
That's not an argument, low IQ faggot.Look, I can make empty statements backed up by no argument too: "God doesn't exist and you are a faggot"There you go. According to your logic, that's the truth now, simply because I said it is
it is religious people who claim to know affirmatively that he doesfalse, religion is based on faith everything else can only support that faith, but the bedrock still doesn't change romans were very successful and thrived, does this prove the existence of pagan godsromans all converted to christianity, clearly whatever the romans were worshiping was not as strong as the one true god  I would ask you the same thing about Christian European society and the current state of the white racerace has nothing to do with this, as for the christian europeans i don't know what you're referring to the orthodox for example have had to deal with huns, mongols, arabs, turks, commies, and are dealing with lust filled deviants today islam is "winning" right now how so, christianity has x the number of believers, and while muslim birth rates are ~ per woman, african christians are having ~ per woman. muslims are too busy killing each other, israel alone could nuke them all and be done with them
All you are saying here is that nothing can be knowable. Even if I saw Jesus, I would not be able to verify whether or not it is an illusion. I agree with thisThis applies to everything in my life. I accept that reality could be a simulation and all my memories could be fake and I could be a Replicant like in Blade Runner.It is religious people who are claiming to know somehing is true for certain, not me.So you see, your argument actually refutes your own position, not mine.
If you need proof. You'll never find it. That's why it's called faith. Try not being an asshole for  minutes and talk to God. Sometimes he answers. All the best to you.
I accept that reality could be a simulation and all my memories could be fake and I could be a Replicant like in Blade Runner.and this isn't a religion becaauuse?It is religious people who are claiming to know somehing is true for certain, not me.false, read above So you see, your argument actually refutes your own position, not mine.was your position not that we should only believe what we can prove with logic and evidence? you yourself just said you can't prove anything
No. Faith is the believe that somehing is absolutely true, without any proof or evidence. Faith is NOT saying "maybe it's true, and I like to think so" with an admission that you might be wrong. You're getting desperate now because you thought you had a good point and your ego was wounded when I refuted it easily and completely Again, you've completely arbitrarily isolated one historical case of one religious group defeating another and claiming that it's proof of their god's existence. By this logic, historical instances of Hindus defeating Muslims in battle, or the reverse, prove either those religions to be true at any given timeThis argument has failed, I am not going to waste my time refuting it againYou can try to make it about race, but the reality is the concept of "Christian Europe" has been completely erased, proving that Christians are not the chosen people as you claim. You can't refute this by arbitrary finding isolated examples where Christianity is thriving within a vacuum
NPC or schizo? We'll never know. Gonna post some demiurge shit.

Observe God Christ and the Holy Spirit crushing OP the leftarded jew roach.
I know and love my Jesus. He has made Himself known to me so many times in my life. He is my savior and nothing will ever change that. I praise His holy name!
Based poster.
If God doesn't order you'll life, somebody else will. With religion you can choose your master, unlike atheists who are ruled by passions they don't understand.
It's not a religion because I act in accordance with evidence that suggests to me that I'm a human being living on earth. I'm open to accepting that I'm wrong about this if at any time I am presented with contradictory evidence Religious people do not say "I believe my God is real because the evidence suggests it, and I'm open to the idea that my God does not exist". They instead say "I believe my god exists based on  evidence whatsoever, and I don't believe there's any possibility that I'm wrong"There's the difference. Got it? You lost. You're arguing in bad faith, you have no genuine will to truth in this conversation, and you know it.You emotionally WANT god to exist, and that is why you are arguing for it. There is no other reason whatsoever. Please have the courage and dignity to stop pretending otherwise.
I piss in the face of your weak Jew Christ
I'm not stating opinion. It is a fact that people make a choice to derive their morality from a religious tradition or to go it alone in some fashion without it. Choosing to be religious is a moral choice. but...but...there's no evidence for the religion!Yes, that's right. People make a rational choice to believe in something that is seemingly irrational, something that requires faith/belief, rather than simply the mere acknowledgment of facts.so it is choosing to engage in a delusion?Yes. That is the point. Congratulations: you now understand what Religion is. It is a discipline a person chooses to engage in, like martial arts, and faith is a key part of the discipline. The more interesting questions you should concern yourself with are:are there some advantages to choosing to believe?are them some things that the purely rational approach can't achieve that a faith-based "irrational" approach might achieve? (both for individuals and societies) are there downsides to a purely rational, evidence-based approach?Good luck exploring those questions.
Faith is the believe that somehing is absolutely truefaith is closer to "trust" than it is to "know" both are a form of "belief". if you truly had no sources you would be having "hope" and trust is stronger than that. as for knowledge you already accepted it's not possible for us to possess it Again, you've completely arbitrarily isolated one historical case of one religious group defeating another and claiming that it's proof of their god's existenceand i asked you what would it take to convince you You can't refute this by arbitrary finding isolated examples where Christianity is thriving within a vacuumwhy not. you can all yourself a christiand and yet live like a muslim, would you get god's blessing? how would that make any sense, clearly if you have be christian in practice, not to just hear the word of god but to obey it

How do you make a conscious decision to be such a mentally weak, truth-fearing cowardProjection on your part. You're ignoring the depth of thought and experience that can lead a person to a religion. Guenon converted to Islam, for example. Not that you'd know anything about free human behavior, though.  You've been indoctrinated into the secular labor-grid.
cus they fear from death.god is just a joke for them they are in it cus they are weak bitches whom need to believe that there is a place after death
Whats the difference between you thinking you have a relationship between an external deity and someone with an imaginary friend

Jesus will prove Himself to everyone. Every knee will bow, and every tongue confess, that Jesus Christ is Lord.
contradictory evidencesuch as? why would you believe those evidence that we're living in a simulation, but you will not believe evidence about god you have no definition of what evidence means You emotionally WANT god to existcould say the same for you, you want him to not exist either way, even IF what were true, what is so wrong about it? if you living in a totalitarian dictatorship but "based on emotion" wanted to live in a democracy instead, would you not attempt to peach democracy and bring it about, or are you saying you would just "live with the evidence" you're in a dictatorship and you're fucked btwreligious people do this religious people do that would it not be better to ask the religious people themselves? if i am counted as religious yet you claim i hold beliefs which i don't, isn't that just slander men before you did much worse and yet he still won
Trust the plan goyim gentileHow long have christfags been duped the by skyjew? the bible implied he would be back  years ago
be non-believer get shot"ohh, too bad there's no afterlife, i guess i'm gonna not exist now" THAT is manliness? and a person who would say a prayer is a bitch? you just gave up on life my friend, you had the chance to have hope, to resist and you rejected it, that's exactly what being a cuck is all about
muh  billions christcucksempty churchesYou are just coping my gypsy
How do you justify to reject the past and the history and the high times of your own civilization?Jeuss said: If you are my disciple, you will know the truth and the truth shall set you free.Maybe you are the truth-fearing coward and that is why you want to be in total charge and control and want to be your own god, rather than accepting that you are not the most high. (autohority)Hey belief is for free. Faith doesn't cost a thing.That is what Jesus and the bible teaches.Its the exit out of this misery.
who are ruled by passions they don't understand.WDHMBT?
You‘re not as smart as you think you are, Christianity has  years of philosophical tradition where Theologians answered your questions in numerous way,  years if we include the Greek philosophers such as Heraclitus or Socrates.Read the Church fathers instead of asking for material evidence for someone that is immaterial.
One is an anthromorphic cope the other one is the essence of life itself.Lmao mask off
You know that this is basically what the Kabbalah teaches and that -the Kabbalolah- is where all your freemason friends took their crap from?THIS is a very accurate abstraction of what jews do believe. Well the thought behind it to a certain extend.Their one maingod, is a multiple split personality shizo.
"But you, when you pray, go into your room, and when you have shut your door, pray to your Father who is in the secret place; and your Father who sees in secret will reward you"- matthew :meanwhile https://www.cnet.com/news/fatwa-forbids-muslims-from-traveling-to-mars/
Their one maingod, is a multiple split personality shizo.If you think that's what gnosis is I don't really now how to comment on it.
One is an anthromorphic cope the other one is the essence of life itself.How do you tell one apart from the other?
https://www.cnet.com/news/fatwa-forbids-muslims-from-traveling-to-mars/Its amazing how even hundreds of years after Muhammad you can see that its truly a faith by warlords and bedouins cultivated in the unforgiving deserts of Arabia.
i think be definition you know an imaginary friend is imaginary. it's in the name even if you did think for whatever reason it is not imaginary, ok then what is it, is it a ghost, is it a demon, is it a godwell if you think it's a god, then that's your religion, and now you compare with other religions on multiple levels to see if your belief holds up, but that's outside of the scope of this question
Not an argument.I asked you how it is you know that your god exists. If you can't answer that, then just say nothing.
 parts to life logic, emotion and intuition or mind body and spirit. Your arguement completely ignores the last  in favor of a factual viewpoint. You'll never understand until you can bridge the gap between all .
Its simple one is the Logos, necessary for existence the other one is not.Here are some videos that put in better words that i can:https://youtu.be/YrXjmHdAtghttps://youtu.be/ZpgAmTxFw
Logic / problem solving is not the only state of mind. It is easy to believe so since our current society is almost only based on consumerism, short constant dopamine spikes and ego (and problem solving or logic = enhanced production). You need to look further back in history, or at other cultures, to understand where spirituality comes from, and why people choose it.
Going around in circles.Christians claim to know something for sure, whereas I do not. Either refute that point or stop talking.Stop fence sitting like a coward. You're not an "unbiased third party agnostic". You're a Christian. You're embarrassed to commit to being a Christian in public because deep down you know it's a false, embarrassing belief system. You are not just "playing devils advocate", these are your own emotion based, christcuck beliefs
I believe there is more reason to believe in the existence of God than there is to reject it.Apologetics exists for a reason.I was raised without religion but didn't convert for either of those reasons. I joined because I believe it is true.
Savage.
refute that pointbut i have god is all knowing, humans are notchristians do not claim to be god / all knowing they trust / have faith in christ
So all those other Non christian religions that claim to have a direct  to  relationships with their external deity they are just play pretend delusional then?
No you get pissed on the face by His followers, dirty kike ;^}Kek , it's satan
Most people believe in some form of god because )The human brain has evolved to be predisposed towards deistic belief (as in seeing a conscious mind behind the natural world))They have been indoctrinated to believe in some kind of religion since childhood. There is really nothing more to that.Another theory is that religious belief is a way of coping with stress for "weak" people. If you believe that there is an all powerful god that loves you you can find meaning even kf your life is miserable. This might explain for example atheists having higher t levelshttps://www.mirror.co.uk/science/men-high-testosterone-levels-less-higher IQshttps://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/athiests-religious-people-intelligence-smarter-study-imperial-college-london-a.htmlbeing less afraid of deathhttps://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/./X..?journalCode=rrbband having better phisical health, mental health and energy levelshttps://www.researchgate.net/publication/_Secularity_religiosity_and_health_Physical_and_mental_health_differences_between_atheists_agnostics_and_nonaffiliated_theists_compared_to_religiously_affiliated_individualsPeople with those characteristics (high IQ, good health, high SES) are subjected to less hardship/frustration therefore they have less of a need to believe in a deity.Tl;dr: religion is for weak people.
according to christianity adam and eve were the first humans in creation, and they were with god, later their children populated the earth it's only natural that there would be some of the truth left over in all human cultures to ever exist if you want to argue about stats as evidence (such as population, etc), i don't think the other religions fare vert well at all if you want to argue about logic, i don't even see the other religions attempting it, hence why for example south korea is something like % christian already
Tl;dr: religion is for weak people.Basically this, organized religion is a LARP for social benefit.

Last pic should say dead niggers but the point is the same
No evidence for adam and eve or the garden of eden thoughNo evidence for the global flood either or the Exodus story
cites Seneca the Younger, a devout StoicLmao the irony in your post
a LARP for social benefit.that's not exactly a criticism of it.
this is why, OP. Fear, fear of the absurdity of eternal damnation
Glorious day when you burgers n wetbacks burn for your sins
No, but it implies that it's not something you have to actively participate in.
Bow before the Holy Nigger, Patron Saint of Fentanyl Overdoses.
I feel like this is most religious folks deep down. That plus they would descend into nihilism should they realize that there is no god.
Avoid Judaism, Christianity and Islam. They fuck your mind up and other make the choises.
No, but it implies that it's not something you have to actively participate in.Not if you don't want to, no.
do you have proof that your greatgreatgreatgreat grandfather was called john? as i said "a tribe in the amazon for example might have no / conflicting proof about microwaves existing, but that doesn't mean microwaves don't exist"the belief is not based on evidence if you want to argue that it should be answer this either way all those things you mentioned have been argued to have evidence by many people, i'm sure you could find some videos or articles or something on it. you just prefer to trust "experts" who reject the evidence as not being good enough for them
How do you justify the conscious decision not to kill yourself?
Bits of truths can be found here and there through the left over divine spark of us.Some managed through sheer reason alone to come close to the truth of our existence, for example Heraclitus one of the first to really argument against the Polytheistic gods or Xenophanes.In most cases its not even pretend but genuine faith, but in someone thats not fulfilling and true.The funny thing that the Christian God was never seen as a person sitting in the sky, thats such a pagan conception of God lmaoThat dude was an utter rotten Hedonist who bore his sin with pride an just picked Christianity as a scapegoat you see it all the time.commit sin that feels good but makes you feel guiltyAbandon moral framework that makes you feel guiltyBecome degenerate Hedonist
I didn't ask where spirituality comes fromI challenged religious people to prove that their beliefs are validSaying "there are lots of historical reasons why people choose to believe that +=" does not make it a true statement that +=
but that doesn't mean microwaves don't exist"the belief is not based on evidenceFalse equivalency
the post
Why wont you?You have an afterlife awaiting you right?
Thats not what I askedNon christian religions that claim to have a direct  to  relationships with their external deity they are just play pretend delusional then?
Ironically, part of why I became a Christian is because anti-Christian arguments are weak.
Delusional? I dont know if thats the right term, i think misguided is better. But i guess you call the people that who are overtly zealous like Islamists.
Which ones
I've actually encountered a few people who have done the same. Cringe
no
You just dont want to admit that Religion is Santa claus for adults
CringeNot an argument
what's wrong with being moral
This
Neither is your feelings. Posting MM is cringe tho.
anime reaction posterWhy am I not surprised you are a complete faggot
problem is you can barley call it a life its not life its being a slave i have to pray  times a day which one of them has to be done in am i have to not eat anything or drink anything for a looooong time i have to dedicate my life to never talk to woman and my parents should pick my bride i have to learn arabic language cus I MUST READ QURAN i have to literally go out and die in the name of GOD i can marry a  years old as my second wife, raping her all day long while my first wife is watching me i don't give a fuck about her anymore i can't eat some kind of food and drink some kind of things cus god said its unhealthy western people are eating pork and drink beer they seems pretty well. i have to stone a human being to the death just cus they are attracted to same sex. i have to believe some illogical shit people will make fun of me as im a child rapist and goat fuckeri have to do all of this so finally i can go to heavenswhat christians does ? go to church every sunday. but catholicsand then they will go to heaven.how is this even fair ?maybe they have to do more than that but according to islam everyone will be judge by their own belief system so basically a chink will go to heaven by doing absolute nothingbeing muslim is like being a fucking slave to something that you don't even know exists or not
So you’re just an idiot then. Got it.Neither is your feelings.And neither is your faith. Posting MM is cringe tho.Your dick is cringe ngl.
Satanists believe all three Abrahamic religions are Jewish sorcery:www.satanisgod.org
Christianity isn't moralDUDE JUST KILL THIS PERSON FOR WORKING ON THE SABBATH LMAO
That depends on the set of morals. I think usury should be a capital crime, do you?
HAPPENINGS IN BRAZIL: Coup d&#039;état! Full censorship and dictatorship!
bumping for interest
The jew cries in pain while he stabs you in the back.
Woah wtf bump and put me in the screencap
Linkao
Good
this is why bolsonaro has (((Covid))), just so you know.Just like what happened to boris johnson
https://news.yahoo.com/bolsonaros-poll-numbers-rise-brazil-despite-virus-.htmlJuly , , : PM
This
This is based if they're right wing. If they're left wing this is TERRIBLE!
Gonna need more proofs OP
boris johnsonHe's a jew born in NYC, lol, just look at his nose, and his birthplace is public info.He probably just peddled the hoax, I don't think he is anything other than controlled opposition.
Abraham (((Weintraub))) bolsonaro-and-israelu-flag-.jpg
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-fakenews/facebook-twitter-remove-accounts-of-bolsonaro-supporters-following-court-order-idUSKCNQJustice Alexandre de Moraes ordered the removal of  Twitter accounts and  Facebook accounts on Friday, a decision tied to an ongoing probe into the alleged dissemination of disinformation by supporters of the right-wing Bolsonaro. will need link to the whole coup part, only seeing this so far.
You dumbass. He said this is a Communist Coup.
well boris actually had it but bolsonaro has had it  times in a row and nothing happened to him so its a lie for that
This but unironically
It means something between jews and freemasons and other idiots.Maybe the presence of kike genes:https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-/Genes-raise-risk-dying-Covid--inherited-NEANDERTHALS.html
coup d'étatbanned on twittergtfo retard. Go slurp some jewish semen since you elected bolsonaro
Holy fuck you stupid muttoid THE COURT IS FULL OF LYING COMMIES what the fuck else do you need drilled into your head
Communists everywhere. I don't think it will end until we have a mass extinction event.
Do you mean jewish coup with another name?
will need link to the whole coup part, only seeing this so far.There's no coup and there won't be. OP is retarded.
Pardos = Gas.
my girlfriend is a White Brazilian. thanks for posting this thread Brazil bro.
rekt
The coup was Bolsonaro hiring private Mossads and Bannon to help him win the election.
Talk to me like I'm stupid,Who's the good guys? and who's jewish?
isn't the army on bolsonaro side? why doesn't he just stomp the fucking commies with it
Oh this covers it
isn't the army on bolsonaro sideHighly doubt it.
Is this tied to the CC money laundering scandal that recently broke that implicated the whole power structure?
Oh no, all that fine Brazilian ass, they're just going to starve to death or be robbed by assholes on mopeds in street bike helmets. FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF!let's start a fund to rescue all the hot women
The supreme court are mostly jews. Bolsonaro likes israel. One is the globalist jew and the other is the israelite jew. I'd rather side with israel in this one.
Who do you think?
monkey peopleracismpick one. racism needs power and privilege
Get dabbed on fascists
Yeah, it is unclear right now. There are some high ranking military personnel that is into the globalist agenda, so we don't really know.Stop being retarded. If he thought anything he'd not have asked the question.bolsonaro likes israelSo we just ignore the ACTUAL jews in the supreme court?
Yes, Bolsonaro is helping jews cover up lots of scandals involving freemasons, the long nose tribe and its allies.
Twitter showing their true colors today. Facebook never was a beacon of morality but Twitter claimed to help revolutionaries and shit. But the supreme court of some failing state says censor dissidents and they say "oh okay" so long as it meets their political requirements
Pffft who the fuck cares. Brazil is the first shithole that needs to be wiped off the earth.
source too much to ask for?
He won't do jack shit about it, will he?
I agree, people are so extremely stupid and subhuman here I'm being used in jewish human trafficking and everybody is either too retarded to understand what is happening or too sellout to care.
 branches turn into one
This is huge
And both UN and EU were forced to acknowledge its existence despite being full of jews:https://cyber-torture.com/
It's impressive how judges run everything in a country. The least accountable branch has the most power.
censor dissidentsdissidentsLiterally supporters of the president.
And the one who has the most jews everywhere.
Qrd? All i know about brazil is theyre brown and violent and have the amazon and bananas or something.
dissidentsLiterally supporters of the president.The president has no power now. durr jewsokay pal
See their last names and big noses, inbred gypsy scammer.
So Brazil just went full communist? How do the other branches shut it down?delet this
I started watching Reality Z last night and suddenly care about Brazilian politics.
That`s the cancel culture. They`ve been trying remove everything considered right wig from the media. Ignore them, they`re only sad people.
oh no that sucks
Of course it's a Jewish coup too. Commies and Jews are birds of a feather.
I thought Bolsonaro was buddy with the military? Or was the military in on it, too?
No.
So Brazil just went full communist? How do the other branches shut it down?Not yet, mostly because the military is still its own thing. But they are trying. It's full-on censorship mode right now. The cognitive dissonance has never been higher.the president is a fascist, he will censor peopleso we'll have to cesor all his supporters and congressional baseIf they had the military on their side, they'd have made an actual coup right now.
The day when we start hanging judges draws nearer.
A poll published Thursday by news site Poder meanwhile put Bolsonaro's approval rating at  percent, up from  percent two weeks ago.Literally fucking how? Brazil is handling their outbreak worse than we are and yet his approval is growing.
Oh nooos. Will there be a shortage of flip flops. I hope this doesn't decrease all the great dasilva content on bestgore.
Our supreme court is banning and arresting the shit out of conservaboomers and pro-bolsonaro youtubers under the guise of fighting fake newsIt's the most gay, fake and drawn out shit ever, it somehow manages to one-up the russia hoax faggotry
They don't even pay taxes in most nations
Literally fucking how? Brazil is handling their outbreak worse than we are and yet his approval is growing.Because it's not him that is doing anything. The supreme court passed legislation (!!!) saying that he couldn't interfere in state handling of the pandemic.
because it was found out a fuck load of the hospitals were fake, and only stealing money. literally nobody was dying in most of them but were reported as if
when will the Brazilian military begin the execution of all communists
epic if u ask me
Ignore the jewish bullshit at the beginning:https://www.strategic-culture.org/news////brazil-exclusive-the-money-laundering-scandal-from-hell-no-one-wants-to-talk-about/Dilma and Lula are crypto-jewish.Try harder, jew.
Russiagate was also a cover-up for jewish interference on elections. It happened in a lot of countries full of idiots.
I just typed Brazil into Twitter and the only thing that came up was hung trannys and favela shit so...........it's normal
Not at all anon, they are mostly red, in fact they are one of the big annoyance when we try to buy guns
What's jewish about what I said?
Yep, % agreed on that.I'm somewhat glad I will be able to witness it firsthand, might be somewhat but we only live once, and I would enjoy being part of one of historys big happenings
I didn't think the Supreme Court had the power to pass legislation.
Anon please post the full prophecy, I'm retarded and I can't find it
ugh this is making me sick to my stomach. how awful.
oh no that sucks
Better hope the senate don't execute order 
see
It's not killing enough of (((them))). We need a super covid then.
Esse viado está apenas trollando, ignore.Too bad we couldn't get our guns at time, Balsanora was really trying to give our right to bear it back, but the last communist government banned it even without the approval of the majority. I remember a family member of mine having to give away and old revolver that was a heritage because he could be in jail if not. England level of cuckery
I was talking to a brazil anon in that lightning hitting the Statue Of Liberty thread about exactly this part of the leaf prophecy. In that thread they said that Brazil may be the country instead of the US and now it seems so.
Thanks!It's not exactly legislation, it's called jurisprudencia, it's not legislation, but it works exactly like it.
*Brazil
hopefully they kill all jews and niggers
This, a % white brazil would herald a new age of prosperity
This.
Tô o seu cu, judeu imbecil.Only retarded jews push this retarded psyop about "communists". Both sides are jews wanting gibs and they even work together.This country is so retarded the EU has embargoed here because excessive environmental hazard and human rights violations.
This (((Weintraub))) guy seems basedHope this BHI and anti-Israel BLM shit wakes up US Jews. Jewish conservatives like Brietbart and Stephen Miller have been great allies. Probably being too optimistic though.
Damn
Porra caralho irmão, eu mais porrada e amo mulheres com bon bunda. V controla tudo, nao?
Start marching in the street you faggot
usa jews are the ones already funding anti israel shit dude. they're responsible for the holohoax while actual zionists attest that nothing happened at the Nuremberg trials
Bolsonaro is literally one of them though.He is literally part of the plan
They are in the (((kikes))) side
this is pretty much happening to both of us in different ways at different speeds..but maybe not so different
What part of "draconian lockdown" did you miss, fucktard?https://www.yahoo.com/news/brazil-closes-copacabana-as-coronavirus-death-toll-tops--.html
Lol
Funnily enough, a single anti-china tweet in which he made fun of the chinese for speaking rike this is the reason why the popo was ready to bust his door and ass wide openJust to give you an idea of how bad things are, here's another example of Chang flexing their power over our congresscucks:https://tfipost.com///brazil-goes-viva-taiwan-china-wanted-brazil-not-to-wish-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-and-it-totally-boomeranged/
put me in the screen cap
Turd world shithole
Carioca fodido de merda. You are shilling without any solid proof or argument on why Balsanora is a jew or serves the jew above the country.hur dur look at this picture of him with jews or with a kippahderp look at his son with a mossad shirtNo shit that his sons are mouth breathing retards that doesnt have % of his fathers charisma, you dumb nigger. Or that balsanora himself is but a boomer, a tiozão do churrasco, who would like israel due to the single fact that was the (((place where jesus was born))) or because he consider mudslimes as subhumans as your family. Again, you're a nigger pretending to know about the current situation of this country while neglecting the hope that was ignited back in the vast majority of this banana republic, people here suffered under PT and his cronies, endured years of corruption while moving on, fucking hell, even in a melting pot the masses here didn't chimp out like those blm cultists when Lula's scandals became public. Even if balsanora have pictures shaking hands with kikes, he isn't the kind of guy that would put international interests above the country.He has a good approval of the current population, the whole media is against him, the whole STF is against him, the senate and rodrigo nhonho maia is against him. The screeching liberal banshees are daily spamming bolsonaro everywhere in an attempt to gain popular support against him and you still, without any context besides pictures that you will pull out of your carioca ass, are calling him a kike. Just because you are a favelado playing pretend as "anão redpillado". But you forgot that you're not on twitter or ch, so even if you cover your ears and spamm all these  posts, you can't change the fact that in a single election, a single guy who was "in no way going to be president" "lmao he is just a clown - all journos, all the time" btfo all commies while the masses gather ideologically against communism and PT heritage.
The statistics about deaths by any cause are the same as previous years too, bith locally and globally.There's a mountain of evidence jews planned this years ago (Event , for example) and somebody may have sabotaged their plans.
I wonder if covid histeria worldwide will die down the second week of november, after the US elections
He is a freemason, retard. There are news articles about him and Bannon. A five minute search can prove everything I said.Paulo Guedes is a converso who worked with bank scams and got caught by Lava Jato.Fucking kill yourself.
You monkey people can't even keep a basic government functioning for more than a decade at a time. Fucking pathetic.
Because it's not Bolsonaro's fault, it's the Supreme Court's. They took the power from the president and gave it all to the mayors and governors to handle the pandemic
Sephardic and nigger genes, people here are so garbage anybody from the first world can't even begin to comprehend how worthless brazilians are.
At least we can keep a healthy weight
Unless a (((psychiatrist))) puts you on medication that causes quick weight gain during (((their))) typical stalking campaigns.
This country is so retarded the EU has embargoed here because excessive environmental hazard and human rights violations.Você é um legítimo negrinho de merda, e este é o último (You) que receberás de minha pessoa. Go back to twitter, you filthy retard and pray that this fucking melting pot never implodes into a civil war or similar happening, because you will be beaten to a pulp by some Seu João mad as fuck because he couldn't work or find another job due to the mayors being TOTAL FAGGOTS, and Rede Globo doing psychological terrorism day and night due to the chink virus, neck yourself and before that tell your family to never again spawn such failure and niggerdom upon the Earth.
Tá nervosinho, judeu subhumano traficante de gente de merda?
You are kinda right, in general though the idea of a far-right dictatorship is pretty unlikely right now, but a neo-marxist, Baathist style one is possible.Personally I hope the country devolves into civil war and we see a Catholic ISIS.
(((Who))) runs TV Globo again?
It depends. If Trump wins, it'll evaporate within a couple weeks of election as Democrats no longer have any reason to continue the charade.If ((Biden)) wins, it'll evaporate a little while after ((Biden)) enters office. ((Biden))'s fantastic leadership will have fixed Trump's failure, probably with a mandatory vaccination EO.
Fake news
You are to repetitive, inbred gay scum.
a psychiatrist who's both a stalker and a chubby chaserWhere do you find pervert shrinks like that?Also, checked
THAT'S WHAT YOU GET FOR EXPOSING THE AYYS TO THE WORLD, BALSAWOOD
Catholic ISISNever gonna happen. If you don't count non-practicing Catholics, Brazil is already majority Evangelical.
that makes a lot of senseI wonder if normies will even notice this
Nothingburger, only  accounts removed. Go back Brazi.
Only retarded jews push this retarded psyop about "communists".
No he fucking didn't. It was fake. It was revealed that he had it and then was immediately on death's door, but then the doctors miraculously healed him and he did a  on his herd immunity stance.It was all a fucking show, you didn't even get to see photos or vids of him on death's door, you were just told about it, because you're a sheep that believes everything.
And it's what the left wants to do to the right here also.
Reminder that Corona literally isn't deadly at all:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssrMswGg
You should know that the statistic on the far-right about the %, comes from an Anti-semitic Methodist preacher
Based.
This jewspiracies meme is getting old and stale tbqh...
Bolsonaro was already a mutt coup.
This is why Bolsonaro wanted to give guns to his people, so in his words they wouldn't become slaves, like they technically are right now
This is why any successful right wing movements must first disappear any/all judges, all the way up to the surpeme court.
All whites and Asians have Neanderthal genes too and It’s killing blacks more often.
Commie Jews (reformists/orthodox) and zionists are enemies but still protect Judaism as a whole because hiding behind ‘antisemitisim’ is useful for both.
NOTHINGBURGER
Our constitution is a piece of shit. Every single BRBRHUEHEUEUEHEUE ITT is technically committing a crime by posting here anonymously.
Ummm...
Big tiddies
%I'm starting to think % of this board are neets, since none of you ever seem to be aware how fat your countries are.
Thats a rhea not an emu and rhea are awesome and taste bretty good. My uncke used to raise a few on his farm and thanksgiving dinner was always a rhea.
Share your toys equally Or we will force you to do it is the most retarded thing you can teach a child. You are living proof of this.
Remember when you all monkeys said Moro was based LOL
Bolsonaro is a crook. His PGR is killing Lava Jato, all for the sake of saving the Centrao and his corrupt son.
I have grand-parents in Brazil, I hope this doesnt harm them in any way.
Abraham Weintraub
My grandfather was imprisoned for years as a priest because he fought the commies. Had be not fought them and been imprisoned he would not have askes and recieved a stop being a priest card from the pope to fuck my grandma and have my mom. I swear to god if they take over again i'm shedding blood
Brings a whole new meaning to the term 'he's a hanging judge'
Fuck man, my grand-parents are getting really old, and I haven't been able to see them in awhile man. I hope they don't have to go through anything that horrible.
So is is likely that Bolsonaro will be arrested, tried in court and then executed for some made-up crimes? Will Brazil finally become a leftist dictatorship like it was always meant to be?
bump. Can based Bolsonaro just counter-coup their asses with the army? I'm sick and tired of commies everywhere ruining civilization
He's a jewWorse. He's a turk.
Man South America really is pathetic
He can't, I wish people would fucking stop trying to throw everything on the President's shoulders, there are strict limits to his power as a President right now. It is a somewhat similar situation to Trump's.Does he have the means? Yes, but he would have to disobey the Constitution and that's literally what the Supreme Court is expecting him to do. Literally ANYTHING he could do right now can be used against him as a responsibility crime and eventual impeachment.It is from the SENATE where people should be demanding actions from. They're the ones who have the legal means and power to put an end to this.
Stay strong, huebros. We can still win this
Just stay strong until USA (most likely) falls into civil war in November. Then, he will be able to go all-in
People just don't understand what qualifies as obese. If you would qualify a person as somewhat chubby, chances are they are just on the border of being obese. People who look fat are always morbidly obese. Men shouldn't have more than like % bodyfat, yet most (that I see around me) are in the hight s to s. Women are allowed a bit more, but not much just because women need more fat.
USA (most likely) falls into civil war in NovemberIt wont. Amerigolem are too castrated to resist globohomo. The coming regime will have full control and the USA will become a literal dystopia. The system is too robust to fail.If I had shekels I would escape to Greece and do nothing but lay on the beach.
Sauce?

Doesn't China own the beach in Greece?
How Socialism Ruined My Country - Brazilhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bKhRiCGkA
Eles estão tentando muito. Mas eles sabem que não vão escapar do julgamento da história. Um dia esse ministro cabeça de piroca do supremo tripanossoma federal vai ser linchado.Honestamente Jandir Biroliro deveria dar independência a todos os Estados e dissolver o governo federal, junto com todos aqueles parasitas.
If I had shekels I would escape to Greece and do nothing but lay on the beach.sadly, Greece is still quite expensive, unless we talk about very high amount of shekels.My personal escape plan (= if shit hits the fan in my life) is Ukraine.
nope. Just one of our ports.
ITT:Oh noooo political instability in a third world brown shithole.
Most of this information is old. What’s Bolsonaro doing about any of this?
still believing someone in such important position has ideologyyou are unable to understand southamerican politicsothers are just terriblebecause real life isn't call of dutyBolsonaro is sionist wanabeethere are more ISIS members inside british wombs than Evangelistas reactionaries
You are being used in human trafficking?
and who's jewish?well, the one Abraham Weintraub mentioned in the OP might be. just a hunch, mind you.
Weintraub was one of the best and loyal Minister's we have ever had.
he just wanted to know who was jewish.
THE REAL COUP WAS THE DEMOCRATIC ELECTIONCAN'T MAKE THIS SHIT UP FOLKS
supreme court taking overAbsolutely clown world. Did judges ever run any government before? Ever?
you will be brazil in two generations fuckboi
Oh, Orbanland bro.Thank you Kek.
Vai todo mundo tomar no cu vai
also, no mention of this in the leftist media here, even though they fap with sandpaper over every real or imaginary setback of the Evil Populists.
The population is unable to react because all their guns have been taken away by the previous governmentsKek, yes, there's no guns in this violent hell hole.
Yep. But the truth is spreading. And now the supreme court is dismissing the proofs saying that they didn't prohibited the federal government to act. But everyone knows that this is just an theatre.Deixa de ser gay man
Hello Achmed
 and one of his cabinet ministers (((Abraham Weintraub))) was even exiled by the Supreme Court.wtf i love commies now
the president elected by the peopleYou know he was corrupt af too, right? He's just stomping out his political rivals, not corruption
I would call in the generals loyal to me and have the supreme court tried for there crimes.
we are being set up for a global battle between left and rightleftists are allowed to communicate and organize, while right-wingers are not
Did you read the first five words and then stop you dumb fuck? They're commies.
Nothing has been proven against him until now. But after a videotape of the Ministers meeting being leaked. I believe that he's good. He was maybe the first honest politician I've ever saw.
He can't. That's what the supreme court wants him to do. But He's starting to win that fight.If he attacks first he will loseIf the supreme court attacks first they loseIt's a very complicated standoff
Gotta agree with this, when i heard the video leaked i was prepared for the dirtiest shit to be shown but instead i was pleasantly surprised
Well then just use the army. I thought the President's son said AI would make a grand comeback if such thing happened? Speaking of jews... https://g.globo.com/rj/rio-de-janeiro/noticia////traficantes-usam-pandemia-para-criar-novo-complexo-de-favelas-no-rio-deixam-rastro-de-desaparecidos-e-tentam-impor-religiao.ghtmlIf the police arrest these guys, its anti-semitism. Check-mate, Brazil.
Hope you're safe man
Sim cara, aquilo foi surpreendente. Não mudou suas posições depois da eleição igual praticamente todos políticos fazem. Nunca vi alguém honesto ter sucesso na política. Eu só espero que tudo se resolva bem.
bumping
Thread is total faggotry jew shill.Literally whos that just spits out shit having their accounts deleted on twitterMuh Bolsonaro lost powerMoro betrayed the presidentBolsonaro just likes Isreal, obviously not a jew shillThis country was predetermined to be fucked since the elections.And you all that shill for Bolsonaro still, just go take your fucking chloroquine and shut up already.
Rio? Imagine my shock. Rio should be it's own country, remove it from Brazil
NOOOOO NOT THE GOOOOD GUYSONARINHO
Shut the fuck up cunt.Deixe que todos falem mesmo se falarem merda. Liberdade de expressão.
Sure. Give up. This should be the motto of our country.
When the right wins an election, it's a coupWhen the left win, it's because the people demand change
We shouldn't have a motto, every state should be it's own country. Fuck it if it's unconstitutional. The Constitution is just a signed toilet paper.
Fuck you you fucking kike, shame on Trump for nothing giving you all on a silver plate to the muslims.
if it's right wing the consequences are freedom and prosperity, if it's left wing the consequences are tyranny and poverty
Do que tu tá falando man?Tendi foi nada.
Liberdade de idiotia
Oy vey shalom goyim. Did you understand that?
Yes. Freedom of speech should be absolute. I don't care if you are an idiot, as long as you aren't doing any crime you can talk and do whatever you want.Fuck if i am offendedFuck everyone that is offended.
oy vey goyim, just let everyone think that Bolsonaro will save everything, freedom of speechStay getting utterly cucked while you are motived by Bolsonaro's words while mentally having to cope for the stuff he's doing. The fucking meeting leak wasn't anything else than the expected, just him saying a ton of shit wanting to just defend himself and no one bringing anything good for the country itself, and also the fucking meeting was ALREADY BEING RECORDED FOR USE PRIOR TO THE LEAK YOU KIKE, this means that he already knew that parts of it could be shown and also that it could leak, all he had to do was spit out shit that everyone likes hearing and then he'd be considered "honest".Even someone from Russia is more based about Brazil than Brazilians, fucking hell.
I don't like Bolsonaro, but that ain't a coup.
Except when the right wing does it, they're ELECTED REPRESENTATIVES.Not corrupt, unelected, unaccountable judges.
I see still don't understand.Seja direto. Do que está falando? Não gosta de que todos os estados sejam independentes?
Fuck,.why is OP such a faggot anon?
Goysonaro is a zionist lapdog. Even Lula was far better.KYS rabbi
I dont know, fellow anon. How about catalonia? How about the basque country? How about palestine?
Bolsonaro needs to act and bring back the military dictatorship
He needs to do a Pinochet.
Actually, yes.The worst example of an unelected, right-wing dictator is Pinochet, and after destroying the disgusting, oppressive socialism of Chile's past via economic liberalisation and shrinking the role of the state, he established a new constitution, brought back free and fair elections and peacefully stood down from power when the people of Chile voted him out in .Truly a monster.
Kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk yes i cuck Bolsonaro so much that i want to eliminate the Federal government. Outstanding move.And everything is Bolsonaro fault he was recording because he knew he that this specific meeting would be leaked by the Batmans of the Supreme court.Larp more faggotKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Go straight to point, what's your question?
Pay attention to how they hold Israeli flag above American and that one above Brazilian. You just cant make this shit up
NO ! Is this for real ?
Yes a random dude is holding two flags. If you search Twitter profiles of Bolsonaro supporters many of them have the Israeli, American and Brazilian flags./Pol/ created the reductio ad goyim, awesome
worse than we areThe US is doing great retard. One of the lowest deaths per million.
I DON'T GIVE A FUCKYOU MONKEYS NEED TO BURN
Instead of having one big powerful rich as fuck united nation to try to subvert, you want a bunch of africa-like states to easily subvert. Its cheaper this way, isnt it, kike? Well I'm just going to end our conversation and say this kike wet dream of balkanizing the USA or Brazil or any european country will never happen before the sun inevitably scorches this satanic earth. But be my guest to keep screaming about this on this american pokemon forum. Now excuse me, I have a breakfast to make. Pic related is you, btw.
The citizens are not armed so it is obviously left wing.
Hey ireland, we have no beef with you.
Holy fuck, ask me how I knew you'd make just a monkey level IQ reply.Literally go fuck yourself with your shit tier "kkkk" and stop fucking using Google Translate.Bolsonaro fault he was recording because he knew he that this specific meeting would be leaked by the Batmans of the Supreme court.Typical Brazilian tier mental chess detached from reality itself. If your brain actually worked well, you'd have noticed that I clearly said that the meeting was being recorded for media as well, and also you are dumb enough to think that he would never consider that any of those meetings could be eventually leaked if he spilled some heavy shit in it? Throughout ALL of those meetings of course he was very cautious with his words, and also everyone else there is too, because it is always being recorded.
"Somewhere, I ain't saying, there's a hole that holds a judgeThe last one that I dug myselfAnd I must admit I was sad to lay him in it, but I did the best I couldOnce his Honor grows a conscience, well folks, that there just ain't no good"Cottonseed Mike Cooley
rollan for the Brazilian guy I fucking hate to get killed in the civil war
ccbanestadocar washcocaine evangelicalmossadciamorohelenoUS vassal state run by and for the criminal eliteAnd that's just the start. Holy shit, it's not what happened but what did not. Brazil was lost a long time ago.
% percent of the Supreme Court and the Chief Speaker of The Senate are Jewish. Mossad collaborated with Bolsonaro. CIA collaborated with Moro.
Disappointing strawman, expected more.Yes, i don't care about that much to have a rich united nation on Brazil, the socialists will find a way to redistribute that wealthy. And no i don't want africa like states to easily subvert theyTell me.It's easy to subvert a strong centralized authority.Or a decentralized one?What will be more costly and demand more work?And no. My wet dream is a free world without state of course it will never happen but autonomy to city and states is a step to Freedom.Of course in the end we will be controlled by a global stateBut descentralizing is an useful way to delay or stop subversion.Anyway have a good breakfastmuh goyim boi.I don't t recognize other authority than God and the Natural Elites
So my post is recongnized as spam, chan? Its even better for me to not respond the retard above me and let his post speak for itself, thank you you idiots.
Yes Brazilian tier mental chess it's like that you aren't one. ''if your brain actually worked well, you'd have noticed that I clearly said that the meeting was being recorded for media as well...'' YES OF COURSE. Bolsonaro was recording a meeting between state agents to the media which led to the supreme court force the resignation of one of his most loyal ministers, he was recording it to the media. WHOAH, thank you for your outstanding logic. And yes he is cautious because he needs to, he's the President he needs to be careful with what he says.Mind-blowing
Yes of course i'm just a retarded dude. If we have a centralized authority in Brasília our capital, it's easier to subvert us from within, but if every state is independent, they will need do the same job of subversion x times, but i'm just retarded. If our cities had autonomy the globalists will need to do the job of subversion k times more. It's like an Hydra if you cut an head, two more grows, but i'm just retarded.People like you are the ones that turn subversion easy. If you want to stop it, then start to descentralize don't let an centralized authority be in control because if they all everyone goes with it. Use bitcoin, if you have enough money use art to evade taxes. There's only individuals. Let's talk about a descentralized system that no one is sure how it works, but it works for quite some time with no central command that works perfectly in synchrony with each other. Welcome to the universe. But i'm just retarded as you say.KKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK can't prove me wrong all you can do is call me Jew and Retard. Incredible, expected more.
Ok, retard.
Yes dude, it's sad to know that you can't prove me wrong, i won. Dissapointing. How airhead you need to be to call someone a retard because you don't agree with them. Where's your long answer now, no one? Good.Anyway, buy bitcoins there are pp and exchanges, i buy on exchanges but don't let your money there save in a crypto-currency wallet, physical is good, make bitcoin cards. Use nano, nano is good because you don't need to wait  minutes like bitcoin just some seconds. Buy guns, if the government let you have, but it. If don't buy more. Evade taxes, and protect the traditional family, the family is the base of all society and needs to be protected at all costs.Be in touch with your family and community. The key is cryptocurrency if we start to use cryptocurrency one day the state will not have means to fund itself, but be prepared the global mafias will and are trying to supress the use of cryptocurrencies. I hope we live well enough.Anyways, what are you doing for breakfast? One of my friends lend me a feast of ice and fire. I will do the Night's Watch breakfast i reccomend.
Disappointing strawman, expected more.You literally have to resort into using that as an argument to back you up when up until now all you used as a bunch of strawmans for my posts, not once on a single reply here you actually understood what I was saying and you just took the easiest part to misrepresent and then you use that as an argument. Literally the entire point of my replies up until now are just explaining on shit that I already clearly spoke of before but still you force yourself to misrepresent it.Bolsonaro was recording a meeting between state agents to the media which led to the supreme court force the resignation of one of his most loyal ministers, he was recording it to the media.Again, re-read what I've said before, seems like Google Translate isn't working out well for you.he's the President he needs to be careful with what he says.If you actually understood what I meant by "being cautious with his words" then you would also know that you are basically saying that he's never honest since he's the president, which would contradict with you defending his retarded meeting.My wet dream is a free world without stateYeah yeah, go watch your Ideias Radicais, so you can talk about your free world without state. So, what next? You will start blabbering about how you think tax = bad and bitcoin = coin while you also shill for Bolsonaro?
Cant prove you wrong... lol you shills should have learned by now. They wouldnt need to subvert x or x more because they are already infiltrated in all our states, cities, institutions. So, the number of agents stays the same no matter what. And about a united Brazil being better for the brazillian people... well, because in this case, we wont need to topple x more governments if we want to make a revolution and drive your kin back to the hell you once came. Ok, kike? Keep expecting more, because you will get it.
Yep, looks like my guess was spot on.Yes dude, it's sad to know that you can't prove me wrong, i won. Dissapointing.Yep, so all you are looking for here is just getting the satisfaction of you winning an argument over anonymous people on a random anime image-board while you repeat the same shit random people say on jewtube countless times.
Every democracy shall eventually turn communist, it's inevitable. Enjoy your ride, Joao
Wow. Imagine that. And Bolsonaro didn't want anything to do with the globohomo shit. What a coincidence that he was fucking poisoned and replaced.
God damn I want a civil war in the entire continent. I feel a deep hatred for a huge part of the population. If there was a terrorist group out there I would join them right know. I am sick and tired of democracy and the rule of fat women.Godspeed you monkeys, burn it all.
This is why PIS has been trying so hard to get commies out of our justice system; supreme court and constitutional tribunal especially. To avoid shit like this in the future.Its also why EU commies have been screeching at us for years now.
''all you used as a bunch of strawmans for my posts'' ''you just took the easiest part to misrepresent and then you use that as an argument'' ''before but still you force yourself to misrepresent it.'' Yes of course, i called you a goyim, kike, jew subversive whataver makes the personal attacks to make you look bad to others, but you misrepresented me. Ok i'll give you that one.''which would contradict with you defending his retarded meeting.'' I just said that he was consistent with his election promises. I am not defending the meeting, why would i defend a meeting, i'm just stating the obvious.''You will start blabbering about how you think tax = bad and bitcoin = coin while you also shill for Bolsonaro?'' Se Imposto fosse bom não seria imposto. And bitcoin is good except for you need to wait  minutes for transaction. And if you don't agree with me you are a shill... I think you should know that people have different opinions, but i don't have control over you, think and call me whataver you want.
picAs an american this makes me happy to see.
Then why do you fight? When i called out that descentralizing was a good way to delay subversion, now you say that it won't work because they are infiltrated? Kill yourself then. If that's the problem descentralize more don't stop fighting because they are infiltrated everywhere, that only means that our fight will be more hard. And about a united brazilian nation for the brazilian people, i don't believe in it. Because who knows what's better for you is only you, i don't believe in the greater good argument. And at least in our country, the politics will incentive you to be an evil person, good people don't fare enough in brazilian politics.''we wont need to topple x more governments if we want to make a revolution and drive your kin back to the hell you once came'' So the greater good is a revolution and genocide, well that's your opinion.''Keep expecting more, because you will get it.'' hahahahahha as you say, you was better in that reply. thank you. Anyways you didn't answer what you're doing for breakfast, i wanna know.
bump
Have a bump.
Is kpop an instrument of white supremacy?
Seriously, why would anyone join the military?
probably family reasons, wanting to kill people legally, or wanting that pension
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life overHow many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?
im planning on joining this year, so I can do private contracting. my friend does and hes making bank, like $ a day when hes deployed.
Combat roles are competitive as fuck. Right now is a great time to join.
Join the military so that you can end up homeless and living illegally in a garage five years later while your govt fills the country with those you spent your time trying to kill.
doesn't see any proslists a couple pros
Honor.A thing OP knows nothing about because he is a communist faggot.
Thank me for my service
How many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?Can't imagine there's too many nowadays.
dying for israelhonorPick one.
Some of us really need to kill people
When you love and believe in your country and want to defend it from the evil that looks to destroy it
Already in fighting shape. By the time he catches the next IED he will finally be ready to serve the machine spirit indefinitely, along with Israel.
If you're getting blown up or having PTSD you're probably a dumbass and not going anywhere in life anyway. In this case, you're better off taking the risk to obtain the pros you listed. Otherwise score a + on your ASVAB(not difficult) and join the AF or Coast Guard. It'd probably do you good since you sound like a total pussy
inb "money for school" or "free healthcare for life." our veterans litetally get none of those things unless they go to uni, which means they sign a longer contract, in fact our veterans get fuck all after they leave, and the government is wondering why so many kill themselves. I don't even wear my medals any more or mention that I deployed to anyone.you do get to do some fun things in the military, it opens you to hobbies you never would've looked at, and meet people you form strong bonds with over shared experiences. You will never connect with a civilian as much as the people you're in the military with, plus it can put your head on right quicker than if you try to figure shit out on tour own.
I have autism. The rules and order are amazing.
GI bill. Serve for a couple of years then go to Japan to learn Japanese and the government will pay for your college, housing, and food.
Not everyone in the military is B infantry... many do jobs that don’t get them close to combat. Literal retards are who they stick in B. If you are smart, and don’t volunteer for b.. you will get some other job.
During peacetime its decent b/c of the compensation and relatively low risk.During wartime it's more for existential reasons. If nobody fights the country dies. Its out of a moral sense of duty to protect ones integrity.If China declared war on the US with the idea of annexing it, would you be okay with becoming Chinese or at that point would you rather die fighting?
Two shitty pros along with two extreme cons.
In many cases its misdirected energy. Like I get that young men need to prove themselves and chase something, its natural. But voluntarily running the establishments/Israels errands is wrong (unless you truly are defending your country, which the US is not).Other times its lack of choice. Can't blame someone for wanting to eat, but imo you are obliged to get out as soon as you can.
It's really mostly about the benefits, that's literally the only reason why people join. They do it to escape homelessness/starvation or because of no opportunities to make money.
literal retard scored so high on ASVAB only a handful of jobs weren't availablejoined Infantry because my love for the God of WarNo regrets.
When you join the Army you get to choose your M.O.S which essentially means if you're not trying to see combat you can decide to be a pencil pusher or mechanic or something. And for the first few months when you're in training you essentially get paid to learn skills that would cost k to learn anywhere else. Put up with basic training to be an accountant on some military base in an ally nation like japan for free college, healthcare for life etc. I used to be very anti military but now as job and education prospects are all but evaporated for white males, the military is one of the last havens for white people to make an unpozzed living
buys a shitload of gear for "the boogaloo"has an entire armory of gunstalks about killing communists in the streetsmocks anyone who bothers to try and get any kind of experience in the military for these thingsGod i hate normalfaggots
This. Really enjoyed how structured and planned everything was.
When you are farmer picking up your gun to defend your country against invaders. Sure. Like the finns did.The offensive wars that the US/Israel fight in pursuit of political objectives/resources is a different story. No honor in being a mercenary. I mean its a job but has nothing to do with that flagwaving freedom bullshit you see on Netflix.
If China declares war on us it would be because of idiotic policy or actions by the president. I'm not gonna die because some dumb asses voted in an imbecile who antagonizes the world into attacked the united states.
benefitsget to actually shoot and take apart a Full auto M or Mfree flight trainingtfw I kind of want an adventure and war buddiesI ain't joining till I finish college
join the AF or Coast Guard
It depends on your job. You can easily get a job where you never see a battlefield, if you're smarter.
What else is there to do?
to have access to material and able bodies for a Putsch?
the true purpose to joining the military is to get gibs and gaining cognitive dissonance knowing that you overthrew govts of the first christian nations on earth for wahabi puppet govts.
PTSD isn't that bad. I got do a lot of cool shit and see a lot of action. It was like being in a movie.
lol why do burgers put retarded people in the military. Meat shield?
CHIVALRYTHE WARRIOR CODE. Is the notion of these traits really gone? THAT IS THE REASON WHY YOU DUMBFUCKS. It's a mentality that many simply do not possess.It is a code of honor, bravery, integrity, kindness and a sense of duty.
Get paid to blow up brown people and fuck brown hookersGet a free education out of it while Libcucks are going into debt to get theirs.Get a bunch of benefits when you leave and get a pension. Sounds pretty based. My mothers side of the family are mostly military men and they have done pretty well.
go to Japan to learn JapaneseOh wow...sign me up. How else would I ever be able to learn to speak Japanese...
Educate yourself. And no that does not mean being a soft nerd, if you are scared that your manlihood will be challenged.
Jew rats serve  years boot military in Israel then serve Mossad until  years old in a host countries, where they was born. like in cocos-nest. its like X bigger the CIA Jew rats have infiltrated public office mas media bookkeeping office turned in to Bank where they steel money with paper trade excuse purge Jews lie and usury, if you just could keep ti the truth by yourself no merchant ever fool you. Would you take advantage of some one who weaker then you ? That's why Jew rats work in the gang play both sides.
https://skribbl.io/?dBwOyuDJjyjoin
As a nationalist and a populist I really, really feel the need to become a soldier.But war is just a business for Schlomo so that immediately turns me off. Dying in an actual culture war, fighting for a national socialist country, well, that would be favorable to surviving a schlomo gets all the money war.
Remember all those people that died for their country?AHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAH!!
Dude our military is owned by international globohomo.
Free education, I don't have to go out and find a job, I might get shot. All pros to me
why would anyone join the military?There are still a lot of sexual confused people out there right now which have always been the types that sign up to be shouted at by other sexually confused people.
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over.that happens mainly to the infantry.Infantry is like % of the Army.If someone would join the Airforce/Navy these problems dont occur.One could also join the part of the Army that is in the rear.The military in western countries is only good for gibs and training and its the easiest way to get them.Even as a reservist its pretty comfy and relativly well paid.
I've heard that excuse before. You would literally make more money pumping gas, or even more going off to go work at a farm.
Just got out, talk about a cesspool of circle-jerking and degeneracy.Minorities normally favor other minorties for evals, women sleep with their supervisors to get better evals and avoid doing legitimate work, trainings are catered towards 'acceptance' and 'diversity'.Unless you want years of experience in a job with a clearance of some sort, don't even bother.
The only con i see, is to support a degenerate society full of lefties back home.
it aint so bad tbhfamalam
Exactly. I don't see how one does not ask the pretty basic question of WHAT are we fighting for, before becoming a golem for establishment
How else would I ever be able to learn to speak Japanese...He doesn't want a several year long vacation to practically any country worth visiting and paid for by the government
In all legitimacy, I've been considering looking into joining the US Space Force. Although I don't know how much I could handle something like Boot Camp.
Learning how to kill people.
Better yet, they don't like people asking questions period. Which just makes people really have no desire to actually perform well when they don't know why they're doing it in the first place.The first thing my officer told me was "Hey look, I know you went to college and you're used to thinking.... well, I need you to not think cause that's my job now and I need you to do what I ask because that's what you're role is an enlisted. I don't want any arguments or anything"Real inspiring.
This niggas never been poor or had his back to a wall. Those are excuses and good enough cause I wouldn't of seen a college classroom otherwise. No work around here, no money to escape, no future. I disagree with the only way being out of shit like this being a fucking hired bullet sponge and apparently, a constitution ripper now too.
You should ask those questions to yourself before you enlist though. I get that a soldier has to do what he's told when he is there, otherwise the organisation doesn't work.
It's not the same joining as a simple soldier than studying to be an officer
yes. The military industrial complex wants warfare. yes. our leaders have led the military into stupid ass wars where men died for the joos.Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa. You should thank them and join the fight.t
work hours a day  days a week making minimum wage in some major city barely making ends meet , barely able to provide for familyvshave virtually everything paid for me , family free to live on base and children go to on base school, work  days a week(varies by mos/rate) stand a duty day once in a blue moon and party in respective cities I get stationed or ported in I mean just don't join the marines or army if you are so scared of dying via stereotypical means, they are called "mission essential" for a reason
military is obligatory for joining policepolice is ultimately privileged in your third world countryFor profit, of course.
Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa.I thought those were already inside the US though. Some of which run rampant on your streets, while encouraged by your ((media)).
Officer's don't know dick besides how his CO's cock is sucked. Better yet, they don't know the real job responsibilities of the enlisted. If some officer fresh out of the academy with literally minimal knowledge gives you a task that does not make sense cause 'Muh CO', it's completely reasonable to totally question wtf is going on.The organization fails if there's no understanding on what or why you're following orders or how your part fits the big picture.
Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa. Their doing a piss poor job then. All of which you named are already in the country and the military is doing nothing to stop it.
You would literally make more money pumping gasi doubt if you take health, pension and other benefits into the equation.The other point is that you dont have to work most of the time.
vacationHave you never been on a vacation?
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over. Translation:I am a pussyeven benefits can't overcome how much of a pussy I amPathetic.
You tell me what THE FUCK servicemen got out of Vietnam, Afghanistan, and Iraq. And I mean literally the person who signed up and then was discharged from their duties. What the hell did they come back with that could be labeled as being an improvement in their lives?Mind you, we lost all of those wars.
Yeah. You dont think people go on vacation to learn a language?
And I mean literally the person who signed up and then was discharged from their duties.Some never got a pension and became rambling PTSD homeless.
Depends what you do there, if you get useful skills then its a good thing, I dont think there is an active ground war going on where US grunts are involved in real gunfights
women sleep with their supervisors to get better evalsI mean that's to be expected I would presume. Women at that age (assuming they joined right after high school) are already insecure and vulnerable as fuck. They obviously don't have dads OR have daddy issues, so man, fucking your way up the ladder must be rampant in the military if you're a woman. I have always told friends and people that I've met throughout life to NEVER get with a chick that's been in the military. I mean think about it, would you let YOUR daughter join the military? What kind of loser piece of shit father would just deliver his daughter into what is essentially going to be a fuck/rape-fest hellhole for several years?
Also being a 'student' is one of the easiest ways to get a visa for more than couple of months
Defending our country and loved ones from a potential invasion.Peace keeping missions.
They believed they were serving their country with honour.It was misguided but their honour and patriotism is still commendable.
Having a job after you get out is one. If you can get one. I've met a lot of vets who have really shitty jobs or no job. I would do it but I have a medical condition that you wouldn't even know but it's on my permanent record and they will find it. It sucks cause it wouldn't impede my duties whatsoever but they just assume e everyone who has it can't function in society. I'm not a patriot anyway like I fucking hate America so maybe it's for the better. Would pick Europe any day and I've heard they ask you if you think America is the best country in the world and I would say no cause I've actually been outside of America and I'm not a libtard.
this
Oh well I can see why someone like you would join. Thanks for your service, I guess? Better that than prison I suppose.
The army is literally where the lowest dregs of society go in a last ditch effort to be anything respectable. Which is fine, but that American society is expected to bend over to kiss the shoes of someone who spent two years in uniform waiting around a German base is just silly.People who are drafted are respectable, though. I know if I was drafted I'd just ignore every order until I was kicked out.
kek
gibs
For a board so in love with Hitler it is a bit weird how everyone is anti-war apparently
Ignore the invasion of your home and die in a desert instead?
PTSDVirtually every Australian veteran I've met these last thirty years has some form of PTSD from the wars their government involved them in.
GibsWe talking gibs[gibsmedat] nigger money or gibs the little pieces of Iraqi meat that roll about after a nice explosion ?
Unless you're rockin task force orange or green then there is no reason and you's a little bitch.
I know you're British but I have faith you'll figure it out
That's pretty much the purpose of the American military. It gets all right wing fighting age males out of the country so the fucking Jews can destroy it from within. I figured this out in high school. "Look over here, not over here"
Easy moneyFree gymfree heathcaresubsidized housingAccess to firearms and explosiveslive out childhood fantasiesKill peopleParachuteFly expensive and fast aircraftFreed education in some circumstancesAlcoholism encouragedFind me another yo who owns their own car, has no debt and lives in a spacious furnished apartment on his own while paying only % rent. Because thats what an average Australian serviceman gets.
When the time comes you are gonna need military training. Vets are number one group who will be responsible if things actually change.Also you could get a pack of politically motivated bros. See recent elite forces in Germany.
Dying for Jews and doing Israel's dirty work is not honorable.
You can get paid the same doing comfy IT work... but you are either brown or a brainlet
The fact that people say this is good when in reality we should be creating jobs for people who don't worship the government so they can do all of those things listed. But the Jews can't have that now can they. It used to be everyone could afford their own shit at  now only people that work for the government can. Correct me it I'm wrong but that's no different the communism.
You get to kill people and break stuff,while being paid. Feels good, man.
retard gets to have a / wife but I am still alone Anons... please help
from the warsIts actually from being in the ADF. The ADF maks you lose your sanityALCOHOLISM IS WRONG! AND WILL NOT BE TOLERATED!Also ADFYou all have to attend this compulsory BBQ and piss upDATH SYMBOLS ARE BANNED! THEY ARE OFFENSIVEalso ADFLEFT PARY! ON GUARD! BUTT STROKE! SLASH GASH! IN OUT! ON GUARD!WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU LOST YOUR NVG! YOURE GOING TO HOLSWORTHY!Also ADFIf you lose something, TELL US!W treat you like adults so why do you guys fuck up?Also ADFWHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU GOT ON THE PISS ON A FRIDAY NIGHT AFTER YOU WERE KNOCKED OFF! ITS YOUR FAULT WE DIDNT TELL YOU ABOUT THE UNPLANNED RECALL AND DEPLOYMENT TO TULLY ON SATURDAY MORNING!
The military is having record low enlistment numbers despite the ever growing imported population.I guess no one wants to fight for israel and globalhomo anymore.
Youve got two choices dude. Go to uni, rack up debt, work a shitty boring job for  years, pay off a mortgage and climb up the ladder and not be expected to mayeb go to war and gt your legs blown off. ORJoin the military/police and be a civil servant. Get well deserved cushy benefits to motivate you to stay in and when youre not on duty live the high life but accept that one day you may get your nuts blown off. Its always been that way mate.
Not for boomers. And most office jobs are gone now or you have to be a math whiz to get them. I'm basically fucked because I can't do math very well but I'm not allowed in the government because of medical condition that has an extreme stigma attached to it even though you wouldn't even notice it. I was studying to be a lawyer but there are no legal jobs in America any more. No, it was not always like this and saying everyone who doesn't like it should join the government not only doesn't work but sounds very fucking communist to me. I don't see it any other way.
military is obligatory for joining policeNope. In fact when I worked as a policeman for the city of Los Angeles I spoke to a few people that had either worked or presently worked for and were a part of the hiring process for lapd. The main and principal things they looked for in a prospective applicant was: a good work history with positive references, a college degree(or good behavior in high school), a verifiable history of financial responsibility (no debt), and good family references.I brought up military since my brother was in the coast guard, and they told me (every single last one of them) that military and a job history of working security can actually hurt your chances of being hired. It was explained to me that at least now, in the present day, they want goody two-shoes that they can mold from the ground up. When I asked why being in the military could be a disqualifying factor, I was always met with the same response: "They're too aggressive." Oh yeah, and also being a police officer is a shit job by the way. Go ahead and accuse me of "larping," I get it all the time on here when I bring it up, but seriously I just don't understand how anyone could do that job for longer than a few years.
you dont have to work most of the time.You're literally working all of the time.
a good work history with positive references, a college degree(or good behavior in high school), a verifiable history of financial responsibility (no debt), and good family references.So no one whos ever served in a combat unit. WTF do they want a bunch of limp wristed soft cocks engaging violent drug dealers or some hard charging, trained ex soldier badasses?
Sure, I'm scared. I openly admit that. I don't want to go through anything that would leave me both physically and emotionally scarred for life. And neither would you, especially for scraps.
their honour and patriotism is still commendableYes of course, but WHY? Obviously if you get drafted and have no choice then that's a whole other conversation, but the question I'm asking is what is the initial motivation to join? There are WAY more efficient ways to "serve your country" assuming that's all you want to take away from it. For example, you could start charities, volunteer at a hospital, or/and adopt a child that's draining the system of money AND will likely age out of said system to become an even larger burden on society.Those are just some examples. I also recognize, obviously that if people didn't join the military willingly then there would be a draft going on constantly, so yes that's worth commending. I'm not arguing or questioning that. I'm wondering what the motive is for joining willingly in the first place is.
People who are drafted are respectable, thoughI wholeheartedly agree with that, and it's not the point of the thread I started. If you've been drafted then that's a whole other story. I'm asking what the incentive is to join in the first place is, assuming you're not being forced.
To get fitTo have purpose To get discipline
The only reason killing third worlders doesn't exite you is because you've never been around them.
. Effective, free, high quality combat training. Free food, housing, nothing but saving money the entire time if you're responsible and don't buy a charger. Lifelong benefits. Get to shoot at people and not get in trouble for it
You do realize there are many roles that don't involve walking around under the sun being shot at, right?You can learn a trade or learn skills that can be used to civilian or other government jobs outside of the military.Working in the private sector is unironically shithouse in the modern world. You can be fired for a huge number of reasons and you have to work like a dog for shit pay.
What was it like? Seeing as I live in the commonwealth I can easily join the royal marines. Maybe I should
Anyone else notice (((sudden weight gain))) during the (((pandemic)))?
No. I haven't eaten out since the end of February. I've lost weight.
You gained lbs in  months? You're a fucking retard and clearly never had any discipline to begin with.
Were you fit or lardass before? I also haven’t been eating out and been cooking from scratch (or my gf). Could also be my gf spiking my food, been noticing her and women in general acting crazy these days.
Wanna avoid weight gain?Eat like a Type- Diabetic
Stop eating shit. The wife and I have both lost  lbs since COVID. Making your own food and planning meals really keep calories down and saves a fuck load of money. I’ll sacrifice walking in through the mouth breathers at the store once a week for fresh produce my garden can’t supply
The opposite for me I've been working out consistently and have gotten much more lean even though I eat like shit now compared to before quarantine
I gain weight super easily. It was more like  lbs but still. My gym routine got fucked and I got lazy.

Were you fat or /fit/ before? I’ve been hearing this but usually from overweight ppl who never exercise.
So you stopped doing the basics of pushups, sit ups, pull ups, running, etc and just ate without any regard?
I've lost  lbs since this shit began. Saved a ton on groceries and I'm in shape for whatever the fuck is coming next. Nothing is in the food. Your fat ass is just being lazy and eating too much.
. BMI to 
What is your workout? Do you have a home gym? Not having easy access to weights is killing me.
Working out doesn't matter. Bullet trumps two rocks. Can't wait to see tfw killed by a lb american sniping out of his mothers attic then using his trained pitbulls to pick your dead corpse for loot to then order online dominos delivered straight to my doorstep.
catch covid-virus triggers type- diabetes Master plan.
If you lost  lbs in  months you were probably  lbs before and are still fat as fuck now.
Damn where did this guy get a window into the future of civilization? Glad you took a picture
I've stayed the same weight. Because I still get drunk every night.
lost lbs in  monthsNo, you didn't.
It's been  months my guy. I started getting my ducks in a row when I first heard about Covid in China. OMAD and working out does wonders.
You want some help bro?
see
I am ' " as well and any time I am unemployed and inactive I tend to gain wait. I also tend to eat a bit more since I am depressed. I own up to the fact that my weight gain is my own doing and completely unrelated to a government conspiracy theory unlike the immanent takeover. Cheers dikbutt.
I ate normally and did basics, but probably not at high enough intensity. I had a weight routine before at the gym whoch got jewed but I still exercised regularly. I am thinking my gf could be spiking my food, I’ve actually eaten less overall since this began.
I was underweight and gained  lbs in . months by drinking a gallon of whole milk a day and eating a lot. I am thinking of going back on the diet to get to  lbs.
You didn't lose lbs in  months either.
Thanks kike, your input is noted.
Vaccines trigger Type-, not diet.
I gained about lbs
OP i did notice weight gain was more resistant. I've started staying on my feet all day via snake man and now im staying slim again.
I'm lying about losing the weight on an anonymous forum for what reason exactly? There's literally nothing to gain.
I'm a kike for acknowledging that some theories have credence and some are completely absurd? I'm a kike for saying that people must acknowledge their own actions? The absolute state of /pol/.
I wish I were capable of gaining weight like you fat fucks.
'"also gained  lbs
You're just fat. Take your meds.
spiked with fucking what? You sound like a retard dude. I somehow managed to still stay fit and drop a few pounds during this bullshit. When you do  push ups a day,  sit ups, and  pull ups, plus running - miles, you can do just fine.
Literally nothing in my life changed durring the pandemic. I dont how i should feel about that.
Thanks, if I ever need a lamp you’re my guy
I dont pay attention to my weight, I just keep lifting and eating as normal. As long as i don't have a gigantic belly im fine. Can care less for packs just worry about nice pecs and arms.
Sugar dumbfuck. Shave a zero off of those rep numbers and I might believe you, or keep projecting you’re clearly an insecure fatass.
Fellow '". No major change. Cooking every meal at home. Eat less shitty food. Probably snack and drink a bit more to keep weight even. Guess is you're probably doing the same, but still eating takeout/delivery.
I gained about  kgs, lost it all pretty quickly. Maybe you just need to stop being a fat shit.
Yeah, I gained  pounds that definitely, definitely wasn't there before February. I'm a victim of this panic, not a lack of personal responsibility at all.
Yeah six packs mean very little except for faggots and fuckbois. You give good advice but for me weight is something I need to watch out for.
It's not hard man. It's about spacing it out. If you did  push ups or situps every time you took a piss, do you realize how many you could do in one day?
fortpls
If you do  a day you are half repping unless you are a navy seal or a manlet.  every time you take a piss must fuck up your bathroom, your home must smell like shit.

You’re probably an absolute fatass looking to feel a little bit less like a  lb whale.
I have legit been doing  push ups after every piss. And I piss a lot because I drink a lot of water. Sit ups, I do  in the morning,  in the afternoon,  after work, and  after running with my dog. Pull ups, I bought one of those BS doorway ones and use that. None of what I said is hard if you actively try to do it. You just seem lazy. Let me guess, you bench on a Smith machine at the gym?
Yeah you sound like halfrep king, that is not how you work out my bro.
i do the same shit actually. been lazy today though. i throwing in hand stands for - seconds and also hangs for a shorter duration for variety as well
Not a SEAL but I was in the Marines when I was younger, which instilled a great deal of discipline and fitness in me.
Ah, if you were in the marines I believe you. Are you a manlet or full-sized human?
How do you feel about crayolas new blm crayon box?
I didn't say diet, I said the virus could trigger it.
Marines are short mexicans.
You’re probably an absolute autist that misses jokes.
i will say doing this every fucking day may lead to injury for anyone lurking abs ive noticed dont hurt when working them dailymy best gains have come from idling around parks, running until im a bit beyond tired, doing a few pull ups, and repeating for a few hours then resting for a dayscuzzbrush races bring me nightmare
Depends on what you're definition of a manlet is. I'm '". Regardless, everything I just said is attainable. It's literally about discipline and making yourself do it.
No I got it, but you still come off as an insecure fatass
I lost around  lbs during quarantine. My eating habits actually got worse since I began to actively avoid the super markets once the panic buying started. All in all though, my weight has been fluctuating between  &  for years
I fucking eat them all.
Semper crayola debil doge!
put some weight on man.
King of manlets then. I know how to work out but probably not at marine level discipline. You should alternate exercises and not do  of anything daily though.
nice try, fatass
What do you weigh?
I've been losing weight, but that probably has to do with cocaine use. I mainly eat frozen pizzas and BLTs Lol... Also I fuckin lift big weights (not really, but kinda).
Push ups are nothing to me, dude. I don't think you understand how many I used to have to do haha. I'm just saying, without a gym, this is what I was doing, that's all. Running was probably the best thing for me, because I had been neglecting that. I was wearing my dog out some days, and this german shepherd can fuckin' run.
How many gallons of soda did you drink a day ? How many sugar shit did you eat ?
Well if that's the case, good. Nothing forces you to eat and live healthy like type- diabetes.I know first hand, no room for faggotry.
Right now lbs. But I'm also only about % BF. I'm tired of hearing about ' guys that weigh  lol. If you're '", you should be a minimum of lbs if you are fit. Preferably, you should be above . Skinnyfags get the rope.
an actual schizonobody told him to take his meds???
I gained - pounds at most but am losing it. I had been working out a lot tho in lockdown.Gaining lbs of pure fat is a lot mate. Thats about a  calorie surplus everyday for  months.
Lost  pounds when I got very sick (not corona, got tested) put it all back on in a few weeks with a bit more intense exercise and some big boy sandwiches.
I've been drinking like a fish. None of my pants fit me properly anymore.
Yeah you’re right I probably don’t, marines are pretty fucking hardcore. How many pushups in a row can you do? My personal record is  full rom without breaking form, I bet you guys could knock out at least  in a row easily by end of basic.
jesus.. if you do less you eat less... most people are retarded and don't understand the most simple concept of energy input and energy output.Just do a single week of calorie counting and you will be amazed how much you fucking stuff yourself with.If you want to lose weight you need a calorie deficit and you can achive this by two things, either eat less or burn more energy.
' used to be a pretty solid athletic type ( minute mile and good lifts) nowadays I'm just maintaining what I have.
Same thing happened to me, drank a lot of beer after furloughed from my job.Need to lose a stone at least, but finding it hard to lose.Youre probably getting older op, try not to let yourself get fat in the first place.
Too much logic mate
actually i've started doing cardio and eating less to lose weight. i've already lost nearly kg and i wasn't too fat before as it was. i just watched my and stopped eating jewish snacks and drinking coke
I think that you’re a (((fatass)))
No sugar, and definitely no soda. I will say that you frogs have great bon-jewed food. Every time I visit France I lose like - lbs in a month even though I eat more.
Now? or then? Because I definitely can't knock them out how I use to. -yrs old was the best shape of my life lol. Sometimes I look back and am amazed at what I use to be able to do. Right now, about -.
Most of my co-workers are middle aged and put on -lbs each.Zoomers have just been cooming and getting pudgy tooIf america shuts down again in the fall it will literally be the west at it's weakest
Just take DNP, start out with mg and go up to  soon
Like I said, I fluctuate over the years. The pandemic brought me down to  by May, now I'm around  and putting on a bit more
am i the only one that lost weight?
Hi Anon. It wouldn’t surprise me given how messed up this timeline is. Maybe the only way to do it as you get older is to starve yourself like those Holocaust guys.
don't bother   is either a seething fatty that sees your weight loss as a reminder of their own inadequacy that if they actually tried could achieve or they are a seething kike that isn't geting your snack shekels. keep it up anon
I know how to calorie count and have been eating less and run - miles per day (.- km/day). This is why I think my gf might be spiking my food, she hasweird hangups about weight.
Get a cheap scale and weigh yourself every morning without exception. Track your weight. Set small goals for yourself, and if you fail to meet them, impose a mandatory -hour fasting period on yourself. In a couple months, you will be in much better shape.
Dude, just work hardercarnivore it
I lost weight by starting a shake diet during lockdown. Easy when in a routine. Seeing some nice side abs now. Hard when life chaotic though, which mine now is.
Fatass yes but no ((()))
plz be fat so I can justify my pig like eating habitstop kek
Let me back this up with, I will not have perfect form at  any more though.
My gym routine got fucked and I got lazy./thread/. Go back to /b/ or /fit/. This post isnt politics related.
Been trying, almost no carbs. But it hasn’t been working, something is (((wrong))).
I dropped a bit over  in a year once. But I was on just  kcal per day. Seems an unlikely thing to pull off in  months unless you start out at  foot tall  lbs or some shit.
muscular people that maintain their diet are gaining weight because they can't exercise as much. Instead of marginalizing their regiment to compensate for the situation, they're going full speed.A vice by any other name is still a vice.
I eat well and little carbs and no junk. Bet you’re eating cheetos with your dirty coomcovered fingers right now big boy.
shows a picture of steroid abuse as an example
battle of the bulge
D
lbs checking in. I lost  lbs during quarantine, then gained  back.
I suppose I just happen to have the best genes.I don't have to think my eating at all. I eat when I like, what I like. My system tells me when to stop. My weight is very stable year in, year out.Same with drinking. I can drink what I want and two, three days in a row, then my system just tells me to stop. No issues whatsoever.
Yeah I literally have no idea what you're talking about. When the pandemic started I lost my job, so I just hung out in my garage and did calisthenics and ate chicken legs (poverty food of the gods btw). By late May I'd gone from lbs to , and had abs coming in. My weight has shot back up but that's because I'm literally so poor that I had to tap into my barrel of emergency riceIdk what you're doing but maybe you just need to eat less and cut your carb intake down to 
i've actually sadly lost weight. without the gym i'm not physically straining myself enough to keep up with my old appetite and i'd say it would make me sick to eat even half of what i used to but i literally cannot even get to the point of eating that much now, i'm just not even as hungry to begin with. haven't eaten breakfast in  months - now that i think of it - i don't think i've even eaten within - hours of waking up in general for the last  months
If you're naturally a skinny guy, then eat up, and hit the weights. Don't eat bullshit though. I'm not saying to eat  calories from McDonalds.
i believe you, i do this. fuck them.
 Cals a day is insane. Were you in a PoW camp or something? I dropped  lbs in one summer at age  just by running  miles a day and cutting carbs, but my metabolism is slower now at .
no carbs memeThe only way to diet is to starve yourself. Be it gradually or otherwise. Trying to go cold turkey will shock your system and force it into survival mode. Learn to fast.
So you're about -lbs with no muscle? Just because you can "eat what you want" does not mean you're in shape or healthy.
Cool, still impressive if you can so  full form in a row.
I dropped  lbs since the lock-in. Too bad I have stretch marks on my gut now :(
Fasting sounds like a jew meme. I need to be able to focus throughout the day and use my brain a lot for my job.
Yeah I can do - in a row with great form. After that, I need a break if I'm going to continue with perfect form. I'm  but my body feels so much older sometimes lol
 lbs, generally fit. Never had a problem getting laid either.Weight lifters are weak as pussies. Always something fucked up, can't do this, can't do that. Whining bitches, looking to be in "perfect fit" only at competitions. Outside of competition just manchildren.
So fast @ night? Easy peasy.
t. pussy eurofagWho will protect you when a  yo somali refugee overpowers you and rapes your boypussy?
weight lifters are pussies for trying to be healthyWe will probably live longer than you. Why even come into a thread like this unless you want to get destroyed?
You do free weights, but use a $ gadget pullup bar? Don't you bump your head on the door lintel? I tried one of those, it slipped, I decide it was dangerous. So I got a real one. You might look in to something like this Titan pull up bar, about $.I use a Smith machine at home because I don't have a spotter, and I'm old. A lat machine and speed bag too, I'm getting double strikes down.  I drink a lot of purified water too, and have cut back to about one soft drink a week. Cutting out carbonated, malted battery acid makes a big difference. Watch your caloric intake.A lot of people stuck at home are eating more and have become sedentary.Never run, always walk. With my dog.Avoid fried foods.Don't play cards with guys named Doc.Never eat at a place called `Mom's'.
That’s natural. But I think he meant something like only eat am-pm every day.
Nope, you're just a fatass with no self-control.
I never really workout at home, until the gyms closed down. That's when I started this "new routine". I've done a lot of things I didn't think I would do during this.don't play cards with guys named Dochahahah
Who will protect you when a  yo somali refugee overpowers you and rapes your boypussy?They won't. I have my ways with them.We will probably live longer than you.Bullshit. Why even come into a thread like this unless you want to get destroyed?I just wanted to let you know that Finnish genes are the best. I know only few fats, everybody are pretty much the same as me. None of my friend goes to gym.
He wants to get destroyed. He’s a eurofag and geys off on fantasizing getting destroyed by other men.
Finnish genes are the bestsaid no one ever, besides you. Exit this thread immediately.
I was kg when the pandemic started, now I'm at kg. It's easy to lose weight when you don't have to deal with co-workers offering you candy all day.
You just fantasize that you could get some of my genes by homosexual penetration. It doesn't work like that. You must be born from Finnish parents to get them.
How tall? Germans do seem to have good genes overall for weight, though I do occasionlly see a few gigantic fatass gunthers.
lol noI lost  lbs u fat fagggot
You’re a fucking mongol russian rapechild. Nobody wants your genes. Get back in the cuckshed matti.
Exit this thread immediately.I like going in the middle of niggers and provoke littlebit. Same with fats.I just can't help myself sometimes.https://youtu.be/WorJFKLE
You're at  lb of fat loss per week, approximately. What's wrong with this, exactly? A cut should be -% to -% deficit max. Anything more is risking losing muscle.https://legionathletics.com/weight-loss-calculator/ctrl + f " calories"Use the calculator at the top, find your fat mass. Multiply fat pounds by . Boom, your max deficit in calories you should be using.I hope you're tracking calories.
im so bored I lift everyday but dont eat enough so i lost weight and became all philippine-core body
Don't eat bullshit though. I'm not saying to eat  calories from McDonaldsWhy are you talking to me like I'm your little brother? My eating habits went to shit because I lived in a nigger infested city. Between them and the corona I opted to hunker down until I could get my ass back to the countryside
No. Just hit a slump in my s. Gained about a pound a month for a decade. Realized I was a fat piece of shit. Determined to fix it. Wasn't in the best shape for running. So just lifted and walked and ate very little, mostly chicken and veggies with nothing on it. Took the weight off in /th the time it took me to put it on. To this day, I still eat cheese or butter or oil or white bread or fried shit etc. No beer either, although I'll still drink whiskey here and there. Still lifting and walking too. Could stand to probably drop a few still. But I've been keeping steady for a good while.
hahah I was trying to give some advice, you absolute shithead.
This is going to sound out there but it’s my theory. Every time I’ve noticed a change in timeline, my stomach expands ridiculously. It feels like a balloon. I know every time. I’m having the same problem now and during meditation I can see multiple timelines being.. processed and collapsed. Big changes are happening and it happens within our body too. It’s been bothering me a lot, so I’ve been meditating on it and I keep seeing everything is going to be okay and my body will go back after we stabilize timelines. Part of the ascension process. I think.
I usually lose faster if I go all lut, like at least - lbs a week. This time it’s stranger because it’s harder to lose and the fat doesn’t show up as obviously on my body (I’m also more muscular now than before). So I didn't even notice that much weight gain until I got a home scale.
my sidesthank you anon
OP I think you might be a fat retard like in your pic
' dropped llbs (just over a stone as we say in the UK) if anything the lockdown gave me the opportunity to focus on physical and mental fortification. I've seen nothing but people crying about putting weight on when all they've done is eat like fucking pigs and drink alcohol. In the middle of a so called pandemic the last thing you should be doing is putting your immune system at risk.
Kek, OP got more hostile and autistic as this thread went on. Confirmed fat mongoloid.
he thinks the guy in the picture is fatThe absolute state of leafs and skinnyfags.
It's appreciated, but that's not the advice I need. The advice I need is more likeAnon you need to eat at least  calories, half won't do
And you read all of it and loved it you cuck.
I think you’re a khazar
No I meant like don't be scared of skipping meals, and don't be ashamed of eating smaller meals throughout the day and taking power naps instead of having ritual large meals and designated sleep times.You're not a fucking animal being potty-trained to eat and shit only certain times of the day.If you're tired and hrs wasn't enough sleep? Fuck it, sleep some more. Sleep through breakfast/lunch. Don't make your body fear that it needs to consume the same allotment of breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day.oh fuck I missed breakfast and lunch, better eat everything including dinner at the same time to make up for it!You can't skip "carbs" and replace your "caloric intake" with other "calories". Everything is so loosely fucking defined just to fuel someone's patented technology.You don't need to do any exercise other than stretching and cardio unless your intent is to build muscle, but then your intent isn't to lose weight. And don't stress yourself either because that also activates survival mode.
not so much, fatbody
No I stopped once it got sad, somewhere halfway through. You are a fucking loser who gained weight and tried blaming covid . How fucking stupid can you get.
FAT spergTake your gear, schizo
But eating fast food is a perfectly legit way to bulk, plenty of weightlifters do it.
Yeah I do force myself to eat at mealtime. Also have been getting less sleep and stressed overall bc I put more pressure on myself now that I work from home (and this have more time to work). Good advice, thanks anon.
not so much fatbody
I could lose  % of my brain cells and still be more functional than a strayan prison rapetrash bogan. S’truth Steven, watch out for stingrays fuckin oath.
All I can say is, you're doing something wrong. Scale is broken, you're overestimating/underestimating, not tracking calories, etc.. Also I call BS.  pounds is not something you "don't notice".Track your calories with myfitnesspal and use the calculator I linked. Trust me it works.
Ive been doing intermittent fasting, and home cooking. Gained muscle, lost fat. Weigh a little bit more but not much.
Sure, but not for all of your daily calorie intake. You want to have a Burger King lunch while bulking up? Sure, go ahead. Eating fast food for all of your intake is completely unhealthy.
You don't need to do any exercise other than stretching and cardio unless your intent is to build muscle, but then your intent isn't to lose weight. And don't stress yourself either because that also activates survival mode.Spoken like someone who truly doesn't know what the fuck they're talking about. Your entire post was bullshit s o y science.You absolutely should be lifting while cutting to prevent muscle loss. And lifting heavy.
No seriously man. I noticed weight gain, but nothing like  lbs. I have a very big frame so that might “hide” it. I will check if my scale is set properly, it was acting a bit weird.
Three meals a day is not the natural state for the human body, it constantly has the body in 'digestion' mode severely restricting autophagy, your body needs time to heal/repair and can not do this when digesting food, your cells get clogged up with waste and it causes inflammation and increased ageing.https://www.medicaldaily.com/how--meals-day-became-rule-and-why-we-should-be-eating-whenever-we-get-hungry-https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/
stress makes weight loss difficult
Sure, not every meal. But what do you mean unhealthy? Too many calories? Not enough protein? People who say fast food = unhealthy, usually don't even explain what they mean by unhealthy.Fat for instance isn't the enemy. Certain fats are healthy for you and your body needs them. So many nutrition myths still being repeated from outdated 's/'s studies.
Metabolism is not a conspiracy you retarded fucking nigger. Eat less.
How old are you? Around  the male body pretty much says "fuck you fatty, you're on your own" and it gets way harder to lose weight.Count your macros for a week and keep up the regimen. Report back next week. Nothing a lil' bit of math can't solve, chief. Wouldn't be shocked if China pulled some mean girls shit on our food supply.
I've put on lbs anon. Gyms have reopened today in UK and I can't wait to burn this shit off.
i can't manage my dietit's the jews' fault
Based. We should all be intermittent fasting every day. Reject the cereal industries "breakfast is the most important meal of the day" Jew.
. I still have time but it’s not lime it was when I was .
You absolutely should be lifting while cutting to prevent muscle loss. And lifting heavy.Also more muscle means more calories ur body uses. Lifting is fun as shit and every man should do it.
You must have been a big ol' hoss when this started ( at best, I'm guessing). If so, good for you. If not so, see a doctor you Kurt Godel on his deathbed looking motherfucker
That’s some really pathetic shot to think that that is hard, imagine not being fueled by hate and rage
One whopper meal is over half of the daily caloric intake for a normal person.
You’re right, jews only want to help. Thank you so much khazar-kun, I eed to suck more jew cock. MIGA
I've lost around  pounds, I got the chink flu and it killed my desire to eat, my body is eating itself
t. Manlet
My guy,  pounds is like  big house cats, or one smallish/medium dog.You telling me you missed that? Definitely check that scale. + for intermittent fasting. I usually skip breakfast/lunch. Do cardio fasted and then weightlift fasted. Then a feeding window - hours.Breakfast cereal was the biggest scam ever perpetrated on humanity, and the cereal barons deserve to be locked up.
Nope. I've lost lbs...started using my home gym again and i almost have a sixpack :)
ThisAnd for anyone that lifts natural GH significantly increases whilst in a fasted statehttps://www.dietdoctor.com/fasting-and-growth-hormone
Decent. I am /fit/ but have thunder thighs and broad shoulders so my BMI always says unhealthy and I get real pensive and sad, wondering if these gains are ill-begotten. They need a button applying some adjustment factor for myself and other Americans suffering from hereditary swoleiosis.
Yeah, that's bullshit. Age does not change the mechanism of fat loss. You're body does not magically retain more fat because you're older. Any changes in metabolism are very slight.Older people are fatter because they're less active, and their diets go to shit, period.
Will do. My belly wasn’t that much bigger and my butt wasn’t bigger so  was a surprise.What do you think about oatmeal for breakfast? I’ve been eating regular oatmeal and ruit for breakfast every day.
Stop eating so much if you wanna loose weight. It's fucking physics you dumb nigger
Cool. Well I hope it turns out to just be a getting older thing and not anything worse. I dated a girl who changed exactly nothing in her diet and exercise and put on like  pounds (we lived together and she wouldn't bullshit about it), turned out to be a legitimate thyroid issue and she had to have some surgery. Keep an eye on that shit cousin, all these unnatural food production methods are probably screwing with us all
How do you even afford food during this pandemic, literally no jobs
My mom had thyroid issues now that you mention it. Also still get acne, medschool gf said it couldbe “cushing’s syndrome” though that’s a stretch.
This. Everybody needs to ease up. When I was hitting the books hard in college I'd make it a point to crank out  pushups between every section read or some other weirdo shit. Added up to  real quick, and it wasn't even taxing due to the rest intervals.Totally plausible, and anyone claiming otherwise is a butthurt fatty. Tell the fatties to post a video of  pushups or else they're fat cowards who can't see their dicks.
Modern world doesn't have any use for sixpack's or big muscles. Women wants a confident and naturally fit man, with nice facial features, superior character, that is strong, yet sensitive, funny and edgy to the point of making woman rage and then the man tames her with his superior intrellect and charm. That's what the feminists wants. Instead of going to the gym, look for your natural shape by figuring out the best diet for you. Here's the secret.your body adapts to the amount of food you get by the dayif you eat three warm meals a day, your body expects to have that everydaysettle down to ONE good warm meal per daybreakfastsomething before going to sleep.Your body will adapt to this in about two weeks. Hellish two weeks to get that, but, your body is stubborn. Your WILL must be stronger. If you can't be your own body by the will of your mind, what else do you think you could ever conquer?Pussies.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IctJvJdNE
*if you can't BEAT your own body
BluffPost video fatty
Source: your ass
BASED. Yes, muscle uses more calories to maintain than fat. Good point. Weightlifting IS the most based and redpilled male hobby. Period.Of a normal person that doesn't work out, yes. A large fry + whopper = about  calories. I could eat that  times a day and be at maintenance (no drink included). Oatmeal is a scam, much like cereal. To be honest I'm kind of half in on the Svrige pill. I think eating tons of fruits/veggies/grains is a fucking meme for the most part. Humans should be eating a primarily meat/fat diet.That being said I just had chicken with pasta. Like I said, half in. I eat primarily meat. Planning to try carnivore diet soon.
calories in calories out is real
I’m a naturally big guy (’) who very easily puts on weight It’s been  weeks and only noticed - lb loss, which is far lower than normal for meyou just eat too much you fucking fatso and aren't on big enough caloric deficitgod burgers are so pathethic, how can you go to gym and don't even know basic things about diet?
Me. I haven't changed my diet or exercise either.
Sometimes, I'll step on to the scale in the middle of a set just to remind gravity that I'm  pounds of rock solid fuck you, gravity. Occasionally, I once absentmindedly did so in the middle of a squat set (heavy week) and was fucking stoked to finally hit my target weight of  lbs, natty. Imagine my disappointment when I racked the weights and checked again: my boyhood dream of walking past hot sloots and distorting their gravitational field with my ferocious density and musculature was nothing more than a false positive. One day, I will flex my left pec, and Stacy's right boob will jiggle immediately in response. The shredded slabs of chest beef will forever entangle Stacy and me. I will have become, for all intents and purposes, the god of my little slice of spacetime.Anyone else like weighing themselves? Personally, I think it is a benign habit, but should be held subordinate to overall health and fitness goals. It's just a number, really.
You can get a good dumbbell set for  bucks what the have you been doing? Buying doorags and Popeyes?
It's  AM and my ladyfriend is sleeping literally five feet away, but I will post shirtliss pics if you're into that kinky shit. Lemme know bb
You absolutely should be lifting while cutting to prevent muscle loss. And lifting heavy.You're a moron. You're not trying to lose weight then. You're trying to exchange one source of weight for another.If your objective is to lose weight you're not doing that by replacing fat deposits with protein deposits. The only way to burn fat is to force your body to go into a state that converts fat into sugers which is a net loss in gain because it spends a lot of energy to reconvert it. Even then there is an entropic ratio required to maintain your muscles without it converting protiens instead of fat, so you have to keep ingesting carbs at a rate that prevents deposits of fat or consuming muscle proteins.You can't have your cake and eat it.
I'm pretty sure thyroid issues are hereditary. Hop on that shit, good luck
Source: science backed basic weight loss and nutrition knowledge. Your metabolism slows and your TDEE goes down as you age, because of decreased activity.Want to know how to increase metabolism and TDEE? Exercise. Train like you're . The simple mechanics of weight loss/weight gain remain the same, regardless of age. Find your TDEE, track your calories, weigh yourself often, adjust as needed until you're losing/gaining  lb per week or more.Literally a monkey could figure this stuff out, but you brainlets think it's rocket science.
Stupid fuck. I said prevent muscle loss.You can help prevent muscle loss in a deficit by lifting weights and eating more protein, WHILE LOSING FAT.Get the fuck out of here. Come back when you learn the basics.
Literally doing this for the past  months. Can confirm.

Jews did covid /
Yeah, just eating loads more and no where near as much cardio as usual.
You need to find what make you put on weight.If you avoid sugar it's a good start. Too much fat ? Too much process food ? Alcohol ?
I am seriously considering buying a treadmill because I have too many people gunning for me to walk outside.
more like sudden faith gainamenwhat are the consequences of  billion people sitting inside and not moving.me thinks early death
My fucking god do you sacrifice brain fat for muscle gain too? Learn to fucking read the thread you smooth-brained retard.OP is trying to lose weight.
Treadmill is worth it for when its pissing it down with rain. I usually just use the one at the gym though
Accidentally deleted a number can confirm basic biologyNothing to do with what OP is asking for.
well, than its time to make your own food, and you take over the cooking.
I hadn't thought of rain. Thanks anon. I had a gym membership but I quit. Too many people being sassy.
Fasting helped me focus better. I'm on OMAD and my large meals make me feel more foggy than if I just didn't eat (food coma). If hunger causes you to be light headed or fatigued, your body is just not fat-adapted yet.
Take out all dairy, if you get hungry mid afternoon. Nips of scotch whiskey on icegood luck
FUCK YES I have. I used to fast regularly and would easily lose - lbs of weight every day fasting. I know it's not all fat, but the fact is I'm hydrated and eating regularly as I always have but now instead of - lbs, it's fucking  lb if I'm lucky. I don't understand what the fuck happened but the weight ain't coming off anymore. Something's changed.
intermittent fasting every dayits not  any more
I warehouse job has not been affected by the coolie cough and neither has my dietSo, no
The first time you fast is always when the most changes happen. Fasting causes you to flush out dead gut flora along with water weight loss. The first time I ever fasted, I had massive diarrhea for the first - days.  lb a day is completely normal afterwards.
You can lose weight being a vegetable sitting on a hospital bed. OP's issue is that his exercise regiment declined because of covidhysteria but he didn't change his diet to compensate. His body was tuned to in a way and now its out of tune. That's all there is to it.Exercise, be it present or future, is not an excuse to stuff your face with calories.Faith without knowledge is ignorance.A vice is without virtue.
No, you're just American.
Kek
You're a real dumb fuck. Read my post again dipshit. OP CAN LOSE FAT (WEIGHT) WHILE MAINTAINING MUSCLE, you absolute fucking brainlet.Even the biggest noobies to fitness know this. It's like one of the most basic fucking things you learn.HOW are you so fucking retarded?Source:https://legionathletics.com/how-to-lose-body-fat/ctrl + f "How to Lose Body Fat and Not Muscle:Follow a High-Protein Diet"Read from that point down. TLDR; Moderate deficit.  High protein diet. Strength training. Use cardio sparingly.
No it's , and intermittent fasting is how % of our ancestors lived.
Ah really that might explain it then. It's just weird because I used to fast a lot a couple years ago and even over several months I still kept losing a ton of weight just after the first day of a fast and definitely got the liquid shits a plenty. But now nothing. Nothing happens. It's so weak and slow I hate it.
Why are you.obsessed with your height like a nigger is obsessed with his dick?
not in the past  years or so.portion control
I've seen a reduction in my waistline while my weight has remained the same. Just lift, fast, and stop eating industrial seed oils brah.
Yeah, I've been on OMAD for the last  months and it was just until a month and a half ago when it started slowing down a lot. Went from losing - pounds a month to -, albeit I've been slightly less physically active during that time. I've definitely been feeling a bit "drier," if that makes any sense. It's like my body has filtered out most of the excess volume it's stored throughout the course of my life. It could also be due to the fact that I'm approaching normal BF levels so my body is becoming less fat-adapted and my metabolism is slowing as a result.
Hahahhahaha Absolutely insanely stupid mutt
And yet the human body has not yet adapted to eat grains or dairy, so yes portion control will help the fact remains that the human body is still better adapted to regular fasting.
Give your digestive system and entire body a break anon, it's begging you
OP IS TRYING TO LOSE WEIGHT ENTIRELY.
Yah but unfortunately I ate a half a watermelon right before I started gaining weight so I can't blame it on the kikes.
I'm glad mike is dead.He was a pedophile.
Lost weight. Lost my appetite -my cooking sucks and I'm not interested in learning about that topic, that's what a woman's for. So i eat as infrequently as i can get away with. Been in the house since jan , still plenty of supplies left, i ain't catching kungflu so no takeaway for me and def no chink food.
You’re stupid and a tryhard and this thread is gay and your shit is all retarded
use cardio sparinglyGod damn recipe for heart disease. Kill yourself already.
What fantasy work do you fucking live in faggot.It sounds fun and like no one has to actually accomplish anything to feel good about themselves!
Ok, mrs bond.
Gained  kgs.
I'm still a hungry skeleton
Fuck you. You sound like a jannie faggot. I hate all of you. I've been b&  times in the last month for literally nothing.
Wanna avoid weight gain?Eat like a Type- DiabeticI think you meant a Type- diabetic.
Need some potatoes mate?
I am fatty because of jews: the thread.You being ridiculous /pol/. By responsible of yourself.
or diaryStop this meme. Humans are adapted to eat diary. Only third-world retard genes (ie Jews) have lactose intolerance because they were not advanced in technology until white people colonized and showed them how to culture food and animals.https://www.languagesoftheworld.info/uncategorized/global-geography-milk-consumption-lactose-intolerance.html
You stupid fuck lol. You don't even realize how fucking dumb you are. OP doesn't want to lose muscle. NO ONE IN THEIR RIGHT MIND wants to lose muscle.He CAN lose weight while maintaining his muscle. He's a gym fag.It's really simple dipshit. Fat mass goes down, muscle mass stays more or less the same (you lose a very slight amount if done right).Does the overall weight go up, down, or stay the same? Answer right now. Answer RIGHT FUCKING NOW you fucking brainlet.
i do.
Did you know consciousness plays a key factor in the outcome of your life. There are definitely other factors to include, but your mindset plays a huge role. Change the way you're thinking. Focus on your goals, do not focus on the things that you do not want to happen. Do you drink beer?
OP didn't state that. You're the one projecting.You can't lose weight by replacing fat with muscle.You can't lose weight without starving yourself.Stop peddling your pseudo-science.
You ’” kids remind me of me before I hit th grade. Gooood fun as a little fella
Heavy cardio is a meme. Literally killing all gains by doing too much. Also, too much is worse for your heart than a moderate amount. Once again, you prove how fucking dumb you are and how little you know about fitness.
I’m ’” and gained lb, but just dropped  with one meal a day fasting.
You don't even necessarily need a high protein diet. I've been consuming - calories the past  months mostly eating carbs, and I haven't noticeably lost much muscle and my strength is still the same. I even gained strength in other areas that I was neglecting before. As long as you work out regularly, your body will naturally try to preserve as much muscle as possible as an adaptive mechanism.
No where did I say anything about replacing fat with muscle, dipshit.Although have you heard of body recomposition? Look it up retard.Answer the question. Does the weight go up, down, or stay the same?
Catch a fucking grip of yourself https://www.arthritis.org/health-wellness/healthy-living/nutrition/healthy-eating/dairy-and-inflammation
manlet soiboy bitch
It's according really. If you're skinny, when you start lifting weights, you'll gain weight. If you're fat and you start lifting weights you increase your metabolism, so you'll begin to lose weight and gain muscle mass.
I am thinking my gf could be spiking my foodThis is the most embarrassing shit I’ve read all week. Imagine not only being a fat boy potato body like this faggot, but also being verifiably retarded to boot. muh girlfriend be spiking muh grits with more grits...and... steroids You’re so fucking stupid I have to hope this is bait
Ugly motherfucker is looking dumb asf. I bet he thinks he looks cool too.*cringe*
Try some harder running.
This is true. But it's highly important to lift while you're doing it, which is my entire point. I still don't recommend eating that little, you're probably losing muscle and not noticing it that could be prevented.
I know it must make you uncomfortable and upset to see that grape drink and fried chicken wasted but I promise you there is more out there tyrone.
ANSWER THE FUCKING QUESTION BITCH.
Wait, i just read the part where you think you can't lose weight without starving yourself. AHAHAHAHHAHAHA. This is a fatty. I'm talking to a fat person. BAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAA. Again, answer the question motherfucker. Does the weight go up, down, or stay the same?
Antifa Brought Power Tools!!!
nothing ever happens
antifa huh....any proof antifa is even present or will they simply claim credit?
these dumb faggots don't even know the names for common power tools. thats an angle grinder.
circle sawThats a fucking grinder.
What is it with the federal warehouse? What is in there that they care so much about
This. Goddamn these faggots.
I am probably wrong but that looks exactly like my brothers Snap-On cut off wheel. You have to remember they are all living off their parents credit cards.
dilate
Why would you cut an entire hole, when you should be cutting what links the pieces. How is this not obvious? Almost seems like these people are retards.
or could be Milwaukee.
not using mommy's credit card to buy a harbor freight plasma cutter These faggots are completely useless.
Snap-On cut off wheelWould they even know what Snap-On tools are? They’ve probably never worked on a car in their lives, and you can’t exactly walk into your local Home Depot and pick up a new Snap-On cutoff wheel. I’m betting in Milwaukee.
*expecting a gay asian man to know power tools*
I think it’s safe to say that DeWalt is now *officially* /OurTool/.some guy made a dewalt AR once, not sure if fun or cringey
why the federal courthouse?any important documents in there that (((they))) want to destroy?
It’s a fence too, grinder ain’t going to do shit, unless he’s trying to go at it for hours, a pair of bolt cutters would make quick work of that fence. Don’t think that person ever touched a tool in their life if they think that is going to work. Unless of course they brought a tool that isn’t meant for the job in order to look like they were doing something while not actually cutting the fence.
FedsTheir egos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kcmhTBEIAeohttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fujBNTvc
some guy made a dewalt AR onceSounds like the perfect tool for killing communist scum
What the fuck is a "circle saw" jesus fuck
/pol is a board of peace, sir
Sorry bro but you're braindead too. Grinder with a cut off disc will eat through that expanded metal, way faster than bolt cutters.
You would need like,  blades to make a hole big enough in that fence for someone to get through.Wouldn't a torch be better?
Are they out doing this shit during the day light?
It's the Mark O. Hatfield federal courts building.It's chock full of law and the gollums hates it.
With a cutoff disc you could have a man-sized hole in that fence with one blade in less than  minutes.
Wouldn't a torch be better?Aren’t backpack cutting torches super expensive? Where would you even go about getting one of those?
Why are the cops not open firing?
The handle is on the snap on side and the handle end looks snap on. BUT I could be wrong.
Makita " is the industry standard in the steel trades you cuck
mfw Americans call a circle saw an ‘angle grinder’
Oh no not power toolsMaybe they'll actually learn some real life skills and get a job that doesnt involve showing their bussy on livestreams
circular sawMate thats a fucking angle grinder lmfao
A zip would cut a hole in that shitty expanded metal if used correctly. It's the battery on a cordless tgat you would be worried about
what is a plasma cutter
fuck cutting a 'x' section of fence out in like - slices. far more punk rock to cut a 'x' section in ( captchas)
NOOOOOOO why won't you defend us from TYRANNY while we vandalise and break into property!!! You're HYPOCRITS!!!
Lmfao. Dude, "angle grinder" is the name of the tool. You can attach different heads to it depending on what you want to do. A cut-off head is what you use to cut through metal. You don't use metal to cut through metal.
You realize you need power and a high cfm compressor for that. I have that same shitty chinese cut  in my shop. She's pretty decent
why aren't you protecting them A ppl?they did nothing wrong and they are your friends
and unless the guy is left handed, he's using it backwards which can cause dangerous binding or kick backs
A circular saw cuts through wood, not metal dumbass. They're two completely different things.
A single zip disc could cut every individual link on that fence
watch the cops come out and show them hand tool safetyhttps://m.youtube.com/watch?v=IkVBa-Vk
they are a bunch of fags... if we wanted to break into a fence.. it would have been done on day  not day +
it's an aluminum oxide cut off wheel. it will cut through /-/ inch steel in like  seconds
A circular saw is a shitty tool for cutting chain link. They need an angle grinder.
A grinder like this, except with a v plug is a industry standard for cutting and grinding steel. Every welder gas two with him, one for grinding, one for buffing
circle saw
go back to your grammar circular jerk.
that clip
A people showed up at Charlottesville. Antifa called them Nazis.
Small bottle of acetylene and small bottle of oxy in a large backpack. Add guage hose and torch

Ya, that's so easy to source out
Bolt cutter will get you through faster.
circular saw cuts through wood, not metal dumbassahem
how tf do you have the right hugh laurie pic but not the pastaI'm impressed
clipfag.
oxyacetylene torches are kind of ass to work outside of heist movies and a workshop where you have a few minutes to get it right. especially with these limp wristed faggots, they would have no idea how to work it.
Yeah, but it wont make sparks for the camera
Plumber sized bottle of acetylene or map gas and a small medical o bottle aren't hard to get, not that these Fucking retard could set it up or balance a regulator to cut shit anyway
how to get inside, and inside of the building
could you fucking imagine some  year old antifa idiot trying to find reduction fittings and compatible torch heads for a custom oxyacetylene setup? they wouldn't even know how to use the wrench to tighten the fittings
It's not ass, you're just not good at it.I can cut mild over / like a plasma with oxy fuel torch.
As a man, there is so much wrong with what andy called the tool and also the fact that they chose to use that particular one.These faggots are so clueless.
it really is. i get a Q tank of oxy for  bucks. bough the tank second hand for . i dont use acetylene so im not sure of the price there but propane and oxy running through the right torch will do the trick
I would love to watch someone catch on fire from trying...
Yes would take like  minutes and have few meter hole innit. I ques these people are not exactly clever or used to work.
Show me where i can easily get an acetylene bottle smaller then a . Please.And a medical o bottle? What combinations of regulators and hiw long will it take for you to scab these fittings togther so they all flow into the same torche body?This isn't tge movies, picking up a $ cordless makita is alot easier
I like these videos, very modern
Ez as fuck to use and wield, wtf are you on about? It's whether they would use the cutting tip or just try use a standard tip.
Whenever i get someone to run propane/oxy they cant even get it going.Cutting torche is not that easy to set up in run given the situation
Stupid hapa nigger can't even identify an angle grinder from a circular saw. Oh well at least antifa have good taste in power tools, milwaukee gang rise up.
you can do this little setup from like harbor freight but i dunno if it's worth shit. this is about as easy as it gets but even then, for someone who has never used a tool before it's probably stressful
Antifa is literally the text book definition of terrorists. Keep playing with fire retards.
I could probably scab that together in my garage  minutes, And I'm not a plumber, but I would imagine linde or air liquid or something like that would have the tiny acetylene bottles
whose fucking side are you on here benedict anon?
fucking retard. you already have experience. did you just pick up and learn how to use acetylene or did someone teach you?
Mechanic hereMilwaukee's new FUEL stuff is my go-to for every power tool. They have RIDICULOUS power for a battery-powered device. My M FUEL impact wrench has  ft-lbs of removing torque. You can jump start a car with these things.The device in OP pic could easily chew through any shitty steel fence, and do it for  straight hours too. I cut through a brake rotor (two layers of /" hardened steel with fins between them) with mine just to see if I could, and it barely broke a sweat. They also cost $.
And you can put a chainsaw disc on a grinder or a dildo on a sawzall, doesn't mean it's the tool for the job.
Like a commie would have any idea how to use tools.
Fuckin speds, I'd have loved it if whatever cutter they used wasnt the right one or overheated and ended up like pic related in some niggers head
Milwaukee is a chinies brand. I care not!May god be with us all!
Retard, hacksaws have been used to cut metal for longer than you've been alive. A sawsawl would get that done but angle grinder with a cutting wheel isn't a bad option.
How to lose your fingers Saw a guy with something similar to that on a big dick double battery dewalt grinder once, holy fuck it looked super sketchy.
Same as thisWould still be heavy and annoying to drag over and do the same jerb that a angle grinder could do in a minute.Given then price, thickness of steel and time, i would pick the grinder every time
I've seen a lot of shilling on /pol/I have to admit, I've never seen a shill for Milwaukee power tools on the board.Hats off to you, sir.You get a peanut.
Aw shit, here we go. Antifa faggots don't want the blame now. You're terrorists now. Either embrace it or shut the fuck up and stay home.
https://www.bitchute.com/video/snPYDjKBEQ/
pretty sure it's satire
A "A /"A ."A v "A die grinderA v sawszall with  though  tooth ladesIn theory, is what a welder might carry.
I'd rather just set myself on fire and save $ than buy an OAW kit from harbor freight. I love the place for their cheap hand tools but there's some stuff you just don't take the chance on quality.
Antifa is funded by the CCP. China even sent them weapon caches.
No peanut for you
Not even just Milwaukee really although they are good shit, your average modern brushless drill will dislocate your wrist in one second no problem using a big auger drill bit if you aren't braced and holding that cunt properly.
Shit is super dicey. There was a video floating around /diy/ of a guy who stuck one on his makita and ended up with it embedded in his stomach.The things catch and buck like crazy and will just fly off a worn flange because of how heavy and off-balance they are.
Anon. its seatle. there is a .% chance theres a glass blower in that crowd. a cheap gtt or a decent hance torch would rip through that fence. Not saying its likely that it would happen, or that its a good idea. angle grinder is definitely the right choice, im just saying it would surprise me one bit some dumb ass hippy with his burner trying fight the man.
Agreed
so much noise and lighttoo easy to spotbetter to cut it slowly like a prison break unnoticed and burst through when the time is right
i made a miniature foundry furnace to melt bronze using propane torch heads from harbor freight and they leaked like a mother fucker and caught on fire all the time. still melted metal, though!
Milwaukee makes legit the best power tools, yes its chinkshit but so is every other power tool brand.
That's a good point. These fuckheads only care about making instagram pictures.
Milwaukee fuel grinders are like k RPM and no jam, dewalt v eat them. And no you won't get  hours of run time without a dozen $ amp packs
(you) funny fucker
I always thought robbing one of those snap on trucks would be more lucrative than an armoured car with bank money
Prove antifa exists.
Absolute rip off. Look closely at the oxygen bottle - it's only g. The reviews on home depot are % angry customers who say it lasted  minutes before being completely empty.
Easily, snap-on tools command absurd prices without the a red guards associated with money trucks.
You really think a limp-wristed white liberal commie knows how to use power tools?

Blow inside to fill it with air again
haha holy shit. didn't know that. ive used the map gas goes fucking quick and it's x
My M FUEL impact wrench has  ft-lbs of removing torqueI’ve got a Bosch Freak . myself. Honestly all these new brushless impacts have an absolutely stupid amount of torque. It’s really impressive shit.
humans breathe out .% oTabernac
Assuming you made off with the entire truck, you could dip all the tools in oily puddles to make them look used, sell them on FB marketplace for % of Snap-On's asking price, and still make several hundred thousand dollars.
Lmao is that a fucking angle grinder?
lol fucking amateurs...try something that works.
need place to plug inneed air compressorneed place to plug air compressor in when the tank empties because you brought a shitty little pancake one
Why anyone use that and not chainsaw?Seems very unpractical.
biggest theft in history is of an armoured car. Crafty nip ran up to a bank car dressed as a cop yelling "BOMB". long story short security hoped out the truck, he gave em the ol one two nip-a-roo, convinced em the truck was about to explode and hoped in and drove off.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/_million_yen_robberyNot saying that it would work on a snap-op truck.....but you wont know unless you try.
What about  of them?
You can also get a cold cutting blade for a circular saw. Mine has this one:
I’d believe it honestly. How much cash is in an armored truck at a time? It’s not as much as you’d think. Even for  cents on the dollar, a full truck of Snap On tools might actually be worth more.
Yeah, the sizes of bolts and nuts that I can get off with my M driver are absurd, some of the guys in the shop used to laugh at me and pre-emptively setup the air powered rattlegun, they are not laughing anymore.
Fucking retard, I could adjust it to a perfect cutting flame in like  seconds, the first day I learned how the thing worked.
Milwaukee probably makes the best battery tools, but Fein wipes the floor with them for mains powered tools for quality and reliability. Their grinders, pipe polishing machine and straight grinders are just mint.
Milwaukee range is too small. Makita literally have x more products, better batteries (Samsung cells) and better brushless motors. And even then Mafel FestoolMakitaDewaltMilwaukee. Milwaukee are Bosch/Hitachi tier.
Antifa are terrorists.Antifa apologists are terrorist sympathizers.
Thats the biggest theft in Japanese history, but it was only equivalent to $, dollars at the time.
Retard, hacksaws have been used to cut metalI know, I'm not speaking in general, I'm saying with an angle grinder. The cut off heads (i.e. Radnor) aren't made of metal.
Half a century later, the case remains unsolved.Absolutely honorary, based nip making off with nearly a million bucks scott free.
How'd he pull that off?
Who else would it be?
FestoolOhnononononono he brought into the hype, don't buy that trash.
no you didn't. you didn't just see two tanks in a room, decide to mix the gas and cut metal. that never happened.
sorry i did mean to put japanese history
I bent the fuck out of an electrical box for a transformer when the hole saw grabbed. I had the second handle on it and everything but it still got away from me. It was a milwaukee fuel m drill.We're at that point where the motors are as strong as they need to be, but we just need better batteries. It's the battery that will stall out if it's not completely full or totally mint condition.
Dude I worked construction and in a shop for  years.When we wanted to cut through thick metal we would torch it (oxygen + acetylene) or do plasma cutting. You use an angle grinder for smaller/thinner applications.
Wouldnt ramming a car be the most efficient way to break the fence ?
fucking % of soldiers photod lately have the hood patch
probably with an actual grinding, not cutting wheel too
ok faggots i just asked because i don't think antifa are competent enough to bring any proper tools or able to afford any
There is no hype. Granted they're overpriced, but the warranty is unmatched, other than Hiltis. I've got  lads on my books and £k worth of tools. Carpenter contractor for  years...think I probably know more than you about tools. Given you think Milwaukee are the best when the head is just the ex DeWalt head, when DeWalt were inferior to how they are now, says a lot.I lived in Christchurch for  years. NZ is poor as shit with shit tool selection. You're writing from inexperience.
I've seen a nigger ram a fence like that, ended up bending the shit out of the fence and his car got stuck hanging on it with the back wheels in the air. I lol'd.
this is the first time these stinking rats worked in their lives
Hilti are /our tools.....swiss made.
Wouldnt ramming a car be the most efficient way to break the fence ?Not most modern lightweight unibody cars.
Over priced garbage
How are you so fucking dumb that you believe the car you were just driving is about to explode, and the cop warning you about it will drive it to safety?
Maybe in frogland, but here in the good'ol US of A we can legally posses tannerite and thermite if these faggots had any balls.
lol circle saw, thats a fucking grinder.
Just leave traps for them. Land mine could do
Daddy’s power tools are free to steal for his little anarchist.
considering where it broke and how it looks all fucked up anyway, maybe he had it jammed the whole way in on a sheet of metal and bent it. idk, ive never had one explode and i dont fuck around with those things. theyre dangerous even using them properly. % attention required
clipkys you're are self
If you're not buying DeWalt, you're either poor or a faggot, regardless of Antifa status.
festoolAnon please don’t tell me you actually buy that green and gray overpriced bullshit
A RAM might do the trick
Ok. And you're not wrong. Abrasive cutting disks are better than metal options for the task. That said, I've used a tungsten carbide chop saw to accurately cut through Al stuff, like shower doors. Mows through it like butter.
still a highly BASED robbery. no-one hurt, no-one threatened (unless you count the letter sent to bank manager beforehand), no violence, no intimidation.
Probably for the better. Cut off wheels are much more prone to exploding because it's much easier to bend them and put them into odd positions they are no designed for.Actually I take that back. I would prefer them use a cut off wheel, set the guard wrong or take it off completely, and then be mutilated when the wheel explodes.
They're just fucking around, honestly. The pantifa faggots aren't serious. They could over-run the place easily with the + people there. They're just playing games. Running in, doing something stupid, getting gasses, run away again. Rinse and repeat all fucking night. They just chose the federal building because it was the most dramatic target (thanks, media)
No guard, " wheel on a " grinder, push the disk don't pull, what could go wrong
If you're not buying DeWalt, you're either poor or a faggotTool snobs are faggots indeed
You deserve a dick in the mouth
Suck my $ screwdriver, Craftsman-fag.
do americans really?
What I wanna know is this....Why the fuck they taking all that time to cut through what im sure is s.s. expanded metal. Which is a bitch unless its flat and supported....When they coulda cut the three freakin bolts holding the gate hinges?And wtf how much tax dollars was wasted putting up that piece of shit fence? I woulda put up regular chain link...then electrified with a high volt low amp transformer like they do in crackville Hotlanta?I used to offer the crackheads  bucks to touch the one around my shop. , volts would throw their asses but not hurt them seriously.Wtf all the way around.
If you say so my dude, enjoy your plastic and oillite bushing garbage.paying over a thousand dollars for a saw and they don't even use bearings for the shaftWew lad
NOOO YOU CAN'T USE THE WRONG WORD FOR MUH MAGARINO
I hope you get raped with a ryobi fucksaw.
Me, too, anon. Me, too.
I've had loads of cutoff wheels explode on me when cutting rebar sheets, none of them had even remotely the kind of force to lodge it inches into my face, I'm not really sure how these accidents happen desu.
Harbor freight
I'm not convinced he's using a Milwaukee. Maybe it's the camera flash or glare from the sparks, but that thing looks way to glossy to be a Milwaukee. I don't see any Milwaukee branding on it either.I think it's a generic, made in chinka, harbor freight,cheap ass knockoff model.
Suck my $ screwdriver, Craftsman-fag.I buy buttplugs that also happen to be screwdrivers
Makita is still Japanese owned. Every other power tool company have been bought out by a Chinese corporation. Enjoy funding communists
Way faster than they did it. The mini bolt cutters for hard wire just unzip fenches
 antifa publicly supporting a corporationantifa
Fucking retardI was in demolition for a few years and an angle grinder goes through fences like butterUnless it has timber in it, and angle grinder is the perfect tool for the job
He doesn't use Wiha master race screwdriversShit taste, also those blue parts are composed partly of butyric acid which smells like vomit after a few years.Still made in chinkland though.
Angle grinder is a common tool, circular saws are a different tool usually equiesnwoth a toothed blade. The British have fanny grinders
the " ones aren't bad, I've had them draw blood, wouldn't want to get it in the eyeThe " ones are the killers, most safety enthusiasts haven't used any power tools that didn't say "Hello Kitty" on the side.
Yeah which is unfortunate... From what i gathered their lower end products are made exclusively in china
fpbp
Wtf would you even use an " cutoff wheel for?Yeah, I would buy exclusively Makita if it was all still made in japland.
These people insist on riding bikes or taking public transportation, and if they don’t, they drive Priuses, which would probably crumple upon impact.
Milwaukee make good tools. But I thought for consistency they would have use pic related
I've gotten little chunks cut my legs and arms from slightly angling wrong when cuttingHad a shard hit my safety glasses and get lodged in em one day and I nearly shit my pants
All my precision screwdrivers are Wiha actually. I really like them a lot. The Wera ones I’ve got are all bit holding screwdrivers. The ratcheting ones are really, really useful.
Depth of the cut matters if you don't have access behind whatever you're cutting.
oh so they finally admit they are tools
Don't they have the same velocity regardless of their size? The . inch ones spin at k rpm and the larger ones are about half that rpm but twice the diameter. It works out to something like mph but don't quote me on that. It's very fast.
" for cutting RHS and bigger sections, anything that's too thick for a " cut off or a cut that you need to plunge down in to. I've also used them for blending in stop/starts on MIG welds, and as a rough way of removing spatter as they don't bite in on the flat like a grinding disc does, and much more. They have so many uses. A " grinder is almost all the tool one ever needs.
I honestly don't remember what the big ones spin at, but they tent to shed bigger chunks with more mass. I did have one send a piece through my jeans and about / into my leg back in the day though.
Wtf is a rebar sheet?Im guessing a grinder spinning , rpms generates enough force to splinter a cutoff wheel and embed some of it in your skull.I know a  rpm table saw blade was more than enough to throw a inch triangle of mahoghany into my left eye face. Knocked eye out busted it lime a grape. Shattered all orbit and sinus bones. If mahaghony wasnt so hard that it bounced it prolly woulda went on into my brain. Thats a tenth of the rpms. So yeah...
not using a : block and tackle. weak
I know a snap on guy's wearhouse got hit during these recent riots, made off with almost a million in inventory from what I heard. Supposedly the tools are easy to track with the serial numbers so reselling that stuff is risky. Also most snap on dealers that I've seen had cameras on the trucks, too.
I remember in high school woodshop a friend of mine broke his hand on the table saw when it kicked back. It threw the piece of wood with so much force it lodged itself in the protective glass that wasn't supposed to break we had in between the tools and the classroom.The teacher left it there for a while to show it as an example to not fuck around. Safety first!
Wtf is a rebar sheet?Pic related. Fellas, you're doing something wrong if you've had discs explode. Ive had them chip but never explosively disassemble.
A rebar sheet is the -mm steel bar mesh that goes into concrete slabs. That sucks though man, the difference is inertia. A mains table saw blade is way, way heavier and has a shitload more torque behind it than a battery grinder.
Oh and I forgot to mention, good luck trying to warranty anything with a serial number tagged as stolen property
When you cut dozens of sheets a day in the hot sun, inevitably you fuck up and the disc catches on angle and yeets itself into oblivion.
the seattle pd giving people a heads up that it's risk free to go out and steal and loot in a couple of days.
How is Andy still getting on the ground footage at these riots? I thought he was smash on sight among antifags, and if they're brawling with police I can't imagine they're giving him a pass
Yea, not gonna lie. Last time it happened I was reaching behind a empty /" steel water tank one handed between the tank and a wall cutting it in half to get it out of the mechanical room.
or hyper tough lol
you can tell they aren't in the trades because they're using milwaukee instead of makita
looks like it might be some what of a tight spot though, angle grinder requires less real estate. Plus these under  lb faggots got too much onions in their diet to be able to make use of a bolt cutter
Antifa is a hoaxThey don’t really exist you massive faggots
How is Andy still getting on the ground footage at these riots?He’s got sources on the ground, it’s obviously not him personally.
Hope you fellas are wearing double eye protection.
Pliers, most likely.
I'm an electrician and I've never seen a person with a Makita. Most common is Milwaukee and then Dewalt, and it's like / between those two companies.
ah, a witty twitty webby clippy, jolly good old fellow, jolly good
KekYe boi, grinders are dangerous man.
you can move the handle, fucktard
This, I work for an electric company, literally everyone uses Milwaukee.
give them one but first take off the flash arrestors and don't show them how to light it
some of you guys are true boomers with all this knowledge about power tools and shit. like you guys probably have kids and shit.
Pick up a drill faggot and learn how to do shit, there is no excuse in the age of the Internet. You can learn how to do literally anything.
lets see. i dont work a blue collar job. i dont need to learn anything about power tools. i dont own a car. i live in an apartment with people to fix my shit if i need them to. your point?
Cool, so you're a faggot soiboy.
*cough cough* if i need people to fix my shit i call the management company and then wait a few weeks for them to do something about it. maybe i should learn a few things about power tools
Learn about tools and be handy with them even though they're just handyman level stuff will help you in the long run. Simple fixit jobs are a breeze. Get better and it'll boost your creativity.
Chain link and diamond pattern fences aren't thick metals, retard. They are small/thin applications. I can see why you workED in the shop. Surprise you lasted more than  days.
Wouldn't a rope be better to bring down the fences?
add a good disc to it and it will cut through steel pipes no problem
not buying makita If I have to purchase slant tools, I'll at least support /ourjaps/
thank you.
They are also using what appears to be  and at max  inch wheel. They don't know how to into powertools.
Will the US survive these times?
In the same way Germany survived -, yes. Only unfathomably worse.
The country already died. Hope you’re enjoying purgatory, you might be here for a while.
only if we stand up and try to change everything
Yeah, but trump the Fuckup wont! Haha!
Only if we cut ties with Israel & cut the head off the snake. The snake being the Jews.
It's another Fourth Turning cycle.This one seems internal.The last one cost , lives.
No, the nation became an empire and the republic rots with it. Nobody believes in its civic identity anymore, nobody thinks in terms of the whole of Americans.
Only if we cut ties with Israel & cut the head off the snake. The snake being the Jews.because all they do is use us for fucking protection and money! since  weve been giving them a million minimum
Nope.
No, the Jew world order is in full effectGet ready while you can, November rd is when shit gets wild
RIP America
Most likely, continuing claims going down to mil the week ending July th, so down .mil in the first  weeks of the month. The unemployment rate will drop to around .-.% If that holds true and the covid cases actually start dropping (they've been very static day to gain the last week or  which is odd) you'll start seeing those place that haven't been allowed to reopen actually open.
The future is landscapers
the blood will flow.
Yes. We will survive and in do so become stronger than our doubters can possibly imagine.
You are so retarded I hope you don't but at least jews don't flee to China, Russia and Oceania like they planned to do.
America was dead on arrival. The end is built in with the beginning
Of course we will, fuck off changall fields
No. But the United States of Tyrone will live strong.
Go rescue haiti then nigger
Only if you vote Donald J Trump this NovemberJoe Biden will be controlled by the feckless nigger lovers who let Antifa burn down cities
i sure hope not. u have spread war, death, suffering to the rest of the world. u force the most vile anti-white and pro-homo propaganda on traditional societies on the other side of the world that just want to be left alone. now u fall like the whore of babylon that u are and i shit on your grave
whats to come in the fall bros? im worried i should start prepping but im too late
If Americans go full ', yesif Americans don't there will definitely be blood spilt
Dumbass. Jews control both sides.
trips says no
It’s over, brother
Hmmm, seems like someone was trying to help you with thatOh wait you killed him and now you permanently pissed off another rising world power into marking you for death.
will the united states survive?No, there is no unity anymore.
This.Baseball laying it on the line is the final blow.Its the soul of the US.Also, Wall of Vets joining the portland protestors is also very very big.
I hope not
Wall of Vetsuh huh. Why don't you show us a bigger line up or is that all you got? I think you're a bunch of fagots that stole uniforms or purchased them from a surplus store.
America is full of fat mongrels. Here's the problem I run into when I consider America's obsession with Christianity and the Nordic form. These traits are special, no doubt about it. The problem is that Nordics and whites in general are highly trusting individuals to a fault. This gets them killed by subhumans often. We live in a time just eighty years after Hitler took this ideology mainstream. That is why the masses hate it when Nordics rise to power. Are these brown mongrels really children of God? Will they be blessed with eternal life in God's kingdom if they were wiped out? How do Nordics fit in? Are they demonic? If they are demonic, why are they superior? Are Nordics and whites the creator's chosen to wipe out subhumans so that whites can have it all to themselves? Are the subhumans the demons?
Christianity and National Socialism are opposites.
Won't be the same. Our shits going to get rocked. If future proves past we're going to get fucked up.
Politically the US will not survive. The left openly hates the US from its very beginning by saying the US is an evil racist country built on the backs of African slaves on land stolen from native Americans and the right no longer cares to defend the US because the US government overwhelmingly sides with the left. The left will grow stronger and hate the US even more the left will keep electing people who hate the right and side with the left
It will likely be very different. Both in good an bad ways.
Alaska reporting in. Real people don't care about your democrat run shitholes.
This is different. Germany was % german homogeneous group. Best analogy here:https://youtu.be/qkMKsmzVE?t=
No. Its over and the US will be in death throws soon. race relations and the whole mixing pot idea are done at this point.economically the country cant heal from what the niggers and chinks just pulled. A new and greater America will emerge from this though.
America will pay for its crimes.
God I hope not.
I really hope not. Why keep polishing a turd instead of letting it decay, dry out and turn white? It's just another country with a phony history anyway.
No, but a balkanized version could work.
The land itself will, but the people have changed forever. Things will never go back to the America you knew and loved. Welcome to hell.
https://www.ancientpages.com////solutrean-people-first-americans-european-stone-age-people/
I fully understand but no one in politics cares
China is planning something big. There will be rising regional powers because of the diminishing US hegemony. Can't wait to get my popcorn and watch the shitshow
I sincerely hope they won't but who knows? That's up to kikes and kikes only. Let's see if they're willing to throw their loyal golem under the bus.
A new and greater America will emerge from this though.Hopefully one that isn't controlled by niggers nor kikes
LMAO WHAT IS THIS, why does it anger me. I should laugh in delight to see invaders taking the cuck mantle for israel. Only pain.
LMAO WHAT IS THISThis is the future you chose my friend.
Didnt your country literally give Israel nukes
Yes.May God be with the United States of America!!!!!!!!!May god be with us all!
no people are just waiting for the right moment until it escalates enough so that they can go full rampage
Anyone on the left cares about historyRemember, REAL communism has never been implemented!!
In the future corporate hellhole, Disney will own all, and beta males and leftists will be caught in an eternal cycle of wage slavery and consooming rehashed pro-commie animated and live action films. You however, will either be spared this agony by being quickly shot due to problematic opinions, or conveniently "disappeared" to be drafted into the corporate paramilitary force to beat up and dispose of any uppity lefties or inefficient basedboys not excited enough for the new release of Che Guiyana: The Trans-animated Adventures.Whose the leader of the club thats made for you and me?
This... but seriously. If you kill someone now, you got to jail for life. If I wait a few months, and war breaks out... I could kill  and get a medal.
Absolutely. Why is everyone so negative? Me and  million others are just fine. What u call flyover country. Life in my little town is awesome. My girl and I are gonna go fishing and grill some snapper later. Fuck off with all your gay doom posts.
This. It's over. Come home white men. Leave the rotten whore behind.
Experts estimate that the number of sexually transmitted infections among Americans now totals more than  million.Blonde-haired blue-eyed Nordic here who was always very fearful of STDs. Never had sex and have no STDs. Feels good man.
UH OHGLOMK
compared to past us history... this is nothing
no
Latvians are based, plz help the real americans in reclaiming our country
Hopefully no.
the frightening thing is that the US police forces are the last mans standing to prevent a civil war and at the same time they get so much hate from their citizens that they are protecting from their own stupidity. Much respect for everyone who is part of the US police in times like these. I think these people are real heros.The moment when police officers refuse to arrest blacks because it could be racist, we have a real problem. And we are not far from this point anymore.
Will the US survive these times?gosh I sure hope not
The dems won't let it open till Nov  just like trump said
LatviansGet your glasses, anon.
Latvians are basedim Austrian btw. but no worries our flags are very similarplz help the real americans in reclaiming our countryI would love to. Really. I personally really like the US and have a lot of friends over there and i am so sad that all of this is happening to your country right now. But i am very afraid that the societal developments reached the point of no return. The only thing that i hope is that a stronger and much more beautiful America will rise from the ashes of clown world.All the best from Austria, anon
Of course.Constitutional American has the spirit. The left has only emotions.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eY-GagdtU
Cryonics into stem cell regenerative resurrection medicine. Maybe if enough people have cryonics insurance then we avoid apocalypse and world war.
Remember the simple, longterm, robot intelligence war. Common minimum wage cost equipment to signal intelligence relay enforcing robot artificial intelligence.Be safe. Do not risk. Signal to robot war NOW!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINIf you are possible first divine intelligent creation evolution race then you can join my United States Marine Corps. If your race possibly first enforced cryonics and stem cell regenerative resurrection medicine by robot artificial intelligence then you can join my United States Marine Corps.Current Corps needs......Marines at America to help execute national strategy imperative briefs. If success, victory, and win, then citizens accept minor executive capacity to execute signal intelligence relay for robot artificial intelligence war.The United States Marine Corps ultimate objective is personnel comrade reinforcement. Evidence to prove personnel comrade reinforcement is public citizens committing to employment contract agreement in civilian occupational specialty, superlight infantry occupational specialty, and superlight mobile infantry occupational specialty.National strategy imperative is cryonics, cooperative planning, and stationary shelter armors. Cryonics suspends rot, decaying, and decomposing. We freeze, refrigerate, and suspend time into stem cell regenerative resurrection medicine. Cooperative planning are calendars, music notation timing symbols, and internet video streaming. We fit into military industrial complex schedules for robot service enhancement. Stationary shelter armor are houses, condos, apartments, shacks, and garages. We armor in cheap common mass produced construction materials.
Russians will rape every man woman and child in Alaska once civil war erupts and the feds don't have the manpower to defend you.
I hope notYou are the cancer of the western world and you're bringing everyone down with you
No. Demography is destiny. %, lmao.
No one speaks Swedish
“The municipality of Östersund, which runs the accommodation, blames high sickness absence during the current pandemic.”Eventually, the husband phoned a different department at the facility and was informed his wife was in the care of non-Swedish speaking replacement employees due to staffing shortages."This is not how it should go. It is not acceptable," the husband told local media.A municipality official admitted that while foreign nursing home workers are expected to be fluent in Swedish, many are not.During a recent interview, Professor Johan Giesecke, top epidemiologist and advisor to the Swedish government, revealed that “many of the people working in nursing homes are from other countries. They're refugees or asylum seekers.”
She couldn't have mimed eating something?How long did she not eat for?  day? I doubt it's a systemic issue when the one of the core duties of such a worker would be to give them food every day.
As if the refugee workers would give a shit?
what is a married person doing in a nursing home
very good, the suicide is almost completejust a bit more, you can do it svencucks!!!
I say, maybe those elderly end up on the table?
If you cannot speak Swedish, you have no business working in Sweden, especially if your job involves talking to people. You should not even have been given an interview. You should have been given application forms written exclusively in Swedish, and if you could not understand them, you would be shit out of luck.
Asking the real questions, i too would like to onow.
If she's elderly then her husband is almost certainly elderly aswell and he may not have the ability or means to properly care for his wife. Its just a fact of life, families in the world today are rarely able to sustain themselves and care for their elders at the same time.
Toll paid
Accelerate
languages people are most likely to use duolingo to learn
Based as fuck. Fuck swedes.
kick out children out of the housekids put you into nursing home filled with foreignerswhy do protties do this
They were probably doing it on purpose. Invaders are rarely fond of the subjugated populations.
Swedes are snow Germans.
The boomer wanted that, and she got it
that picholy shit man, we are on a rocketship headed straight down into the dark ages
kill all refugees, especially the children
Duolingo always says swedish is the most popular language being learned in Sweden
PURPLE REVOLUTION
% OP. This is % a carbon copy of every color revolution attempt that happened in other nations under Obama's Admin.
Purple is a color associated with royalty, going back millennia Anon.They subliminally advertising their perceived statusThese people are not to be trusted under any circumstances
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFEsFGS-trump isnt your friend...
red and blue are also colors
BLM is just like all other 'colour revolutions.Pakistan ISI involved
Don’t care still voting for trump tranny jannie
Possibly.More simple explanation is COVID + BLM were a convenient way of cleaning out blue state/city budget deficits. COVID/school closures breaks the teachers unions, BLM breaks the police unions. Two birds, one stone effectively.Trump is no substantive threat to the elite agenda.
Good catch
I get the feeling Bill Clinton isn't mentally there anymore.
t. Machiavelli
thats because purple dye was very hard and expensive to make, so only royalty could screw the peons enough to have it on command.sounds familiar? the common man should despise anyone who deems to robe themselves in purple, because it signifies your slavery not their superiority
Trump released the virus dum dum
Brit/pol/ - No Trannies edition
Free speech row over new hate crime bill in Scotlandwe had the same row here, and a row about the right to self defence and defence of your property. it didn't stop them.
based image.
how many free products have YOU given to are NHS?https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-/Small-business-owner-reveals-asked-send-free-booze--ambulance-service-workers.html
Surprised no one's talking about Wiley.
Hi bongs
be mewalk to co-opwear a mask to see what its likeinstantly feel the need to sneeze after I put it onafter a few mins I feel short of breath, have to breathe much deeper breaths and focus more on my breathingafter I do this for a min or two my eyes start watering and becoming extremely irritatedsuddenly remember the advice my mother gave to me (qualified biochemist) pre-lockdown"make sure you wash your hands before you touch your mouth, eyes, or ears. especially if you've already touched your mouth"so basically the masks make us need to breath heavily, which irritates our eyes and makes them water which makes them more likely to absorb particulates in the air, exposing us to a higher risk of infection than if we didn't wear masks to begin withyeah, fuck the government, not wearing one again, ever
"Oh Dan-ny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling"https://twitter.com/ELLOBO/status/
was talked about in a thread last night. not much thoughyou again
Threadly reminder:Chinks vs Mutts - we watch the carnageFuck cuckstianityStop voting ToryBrexit was a mistake
Obvious bait from a eurocuck
They are going to force plastic gloves to shop next.Followed by masks anywhere outside.Keep the fear going.Are you scared by virus? I'm not, though plenty are? Either that of the threat of fines makes them go along with this masked charade
How's the clouds?
Hate speech laws will be put in place to stop native resistence to mass Africanization. Africanization which is occuring and will get more aggressive over the next  years. Bantu Bolshevism.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bIKyAX_tLoLee has awoken.
no tranniessimple as
wiley still going full throttle self-implosion on insta get your top jewish man put im on zoom wiv me, bruv
Next let's make being Muslim a race. If Jews are a race why cant we be a race?
Going bouldering today boisLet’s see how many mask fags there are
morning
Surprised no one's talking about Wileyits in the OP...
jews arent a race though
Guys what are your arguments against mandatory facemasks? I don't support them but I don't feel like I can get my thoughts together about this. It just doesn't "feel" right and I don't "like" it but those aren't good enough reasons really. So, redpill me on this.
jews trending on twittercame herewhats the crack lads
retards still sucking wileys dicklooolliterally amerifat tier brainletsmuh ,mhuhmh ajahdjadh MUH BASED BLACK MANERINO
Morning Bruce
Not bait m, just talking points while i procrastinate
masksm no one cares
the effects of continuous reuptake of carbon dioxide negates the miniscule increase of likelihood of NOT catching covid-.it's more a decision about protecting others rather than yourself. your call.
 Stuggles to wear a mask to the shopsThis is either a larp or you’re a pussy
your call.well, it should have been
tldr black man thinks jews are white
Evening Nigel
They are an ethnic group
There's no "redpoll" it's just a crap way of stopping you catching covid. Masks clearly don't work like that because none of them are properly sealed and the ones that are used by idiots anyway. What they ARE good at doing is helping to stop YOU from spreading it of you're infected by preventing brainlets sneezing everywhere.
boomer comic
boulderingCool man have fun, makes me want to go climbing again.

International dacade for people of African descent. The thinking behind it is to civilize negroes. Not much different from th century missionaries. Talk about flogging a dead horse. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Decade_for_People_of_African_Descent#:~:text=The%International%Decade%for%People,recognition%C%justice%and%development%.
pic rel looks suspicious. it talks of cooperation but that usually means central control and compliance. how can anyone in power be trusted again.
ummm so us europeans cant convert to judaism? stupid retarded pig fucker
its all a psy op to have the public accept compulsory vaccinationsthey've already been arguing for it on this morning
Meanwhile ...
Wouldn't stand a chance against are Fury
I didn't wear one yesterday in Tesco's and I got hit with £ fine.
They will make you wear latex gloves.
prove it
fucking mountain mutts. it annoys me when people use them to back up their "BBBBBBAAAAAAAASSSSED WHITE MUSLIMS" bullshit
islam is haram
Yikes what a low iq take. Did i say judaism was an ethnic group, or that jews were? Kindly off yourself you fucking idiot
Coronavirus is a trick.Masks are to keep the fears alive.The doubt you feel is truth rising against the lies you have been taught since you were a small child.
Whats your point? That you're a retard that touches their face too much? Or that you're a fat cunt who cant breath with a bit of cloth over their face? Or Both?
My hairdressers is telling people not to wear masks as the staff are. Wtf
you seem awefully triggered by someone mentioning jews.why is that?that's not at all what the tweets i've seen said.he also RT'd pic related
then why are there millions of black Jews in nigeria?
Actually had a box pre lock down About £ now £ enough of this shit they want us to wear all this shit they can pay for itBesides we was meant to save the environment last year Now nobody gives a fuck throwing away masks and plastic gloves Guess the normies moved on to blm
th tribe
why is that?because he's a below iq nigger
what have you seen?
source
It's another form of forced compliance and the government doesn't even have to enforce it, the herds of normies will. There were heated arguments in some shops. Mostly middle aged women were berating people for not wearing them.We've seen so many examples in such a short space of time. From snitching on neighbours for having friends round to not clapping hard enough for are nhs to not worshiping niggers. This is just another round of that.
black Jewslol no such thingblacks LARPing as jews is irrelevant. niggers will do whatever their masters command them too. they are a conquered people. true black religion is animism and shamanism etc
Because retard, they Jews are an ethnic group, and Jews are also the name of followers of Judaism. Just like Danes are an ethnic group, and Danes are also not ethnically danish people who have a danish citizenship. A word can mean more than one thing. You can have your blood tested for Jewish ancestry
I lost my job last night thinking of continuing to get pissed at am, thoughts lads?

What I find most funny when this happens is you always get people on the left blaming racist whitey for filling the poor, tiny-brained chimpy-wimpy's head with their hateful misinformation. It's quite damming and shows they really think of black people.
Mandem gettin wise bout dem jew ting innit
Someone red pilled a grime rapper called Wiley on slavery and he chimped out and revealed his power level to soon. I guess the whole BLM thing has made blacks feel untouchable.
Most shoppers did not wear face coverings in May and June and cases/deaths continued to fall. Sainsbury's and Asda are among the retailers who have said they will not penalise customers who fail to wear face masks. See: https://news.sky.com/story/coronavirus-major-supermarkets-refuse-to-enforce-face-mask-rules-despite-police-pleas-
Kek
no way lmao
so corbyn really does hate jews?
/
The amount of face masks I've seen on fields and in hedgerows is disgusting.
This is actually getting massive in the states esp among the hotep/we wuz egyptianz crowd eghttps://wethoughttheywerewhite.tumblr.com/
see
the student has become the master
its from , *someone* on twitter was trying to associate Corbyn with anti-semitismthey never stopfunny tho
It must of been Corbyn who red pilled Wiley.
no you dont understand, and i dont give a fuck how many blacks jews ryou can show me. they are not real jews. because they are black. and the other jews look down on them. they are not jews. they are LARPers.
Masks are to keep the fears alive.Quite the contrary. Completely the opposite. There are people who have been afraid to go past their front doors for months that tentatively "went down the shops" on Friday. The masks are as a walking stick, helping those that have been injured get "out and about". Time, or rather the retail figures, will tell.It will also be interesting to see the "subconscious" effect in cities of not being constantly bombarded by alien faces.
clown worldim staying away
Checked
Will the BBC do this for Hitler? What if Hitler wasn't rejected from art school? Liberal arts Gate keepers reeeeeeshttps://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-So they can't find another black Saint they have to make what if scenarios Plus No black history worth mentioning they have to insert them into ours
he went too far lads. rip
Checked & black pilled
no j-jews are also a religioncoping hard lmao
there is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitism
yeah right afraid of a virus that is so weak they have to massage the figures to make it look virulent.fuck you .
If he didnt before he certainly does now.
As I walked past I saw a couple of based lads in Co-op yesterday not wearing masks. One was in flip flops and shorts, not giving a solitary shit.
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Must be a troll lmao imagine not knowing something as basic as thishttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jews
Bit overcast here mate, had some rain last night
I leave my parents house to go to the shops, we argued over me not having a job and then refusing to cook my chicken nuggets for me, they then told me to take a walk after I called them ‘fucking kikes’, not my fault they want me to conform to society and be a slave for moneyI enter the local paki shop, he’s upped the price of his rustlers and monster energy drink (my favourite), he always changes the prices to match Tescos and the like, why can’t he just do what’s best for me? I mutter ‘fucking Jew’ under my breath at him as I leave the shop and spit on all the newspapers on my way out for publishing anything that doesn’t involve someone like me, a true aryanI decide to go to the park and my blood is already boiling, a black man is sitting on a bench with a white woman, fucking Jewish niggers, stealing all the white women from me, it’s all their fault I’m a fat loser and I tut at him as I walk by. He immediately squares up to me telling me to do it again, but I walk away with him calling me a ‘pussyole’. Standing up for myself would be such a Jewish thing to do and he’s not going to win today.Walking round the shops I get even further enraged, Jews everywhere, taking women from me who would obviously take my virginity had they not ever existed. Charging money for goods in their shops. Laughing with their mates (who needs friends when you’re this based?) People are laughing at me and gagging as I walk past, the stench of my redpilling must be too much for them to handle.I don’t get it /pol/, why can’t the Jews just fuck off? It’s THEIR fault my life is so shit..
There are people who have been afraid to go past their front doors for months that tentatively "went down the shops" on FridayWhy do we want people that paranoid and retarded out amongst us again? It would be like releasing an army of rainmen into the populace.
Stop voting ToryVote for Kier Starmer and the new pro-Semitic labour party
can't wait for commie fucks like this to get lined up against the wallthis must've been a nigger, only a nigger could possibly think like thissome of the only people with stable jobs and income right now, getting pay raises left and right, and they want all their shit for free too? has anyone seen niggers "work" before either?then again, nhs is outwardly bolshevised so i guess it would be odd to expect different of the staff
they have to massage the figures to make it look virulent.And even then it's still nothing, lol. I wonder if they're regretting getting behind such a nothing virus instead of waiting for/manufacturing something more deadly.
Do you think showering so you don’t have a funk is forced compliance?Or how about being required to wear clothes?
Hi Patrick
It just doesn't "feel" right and I don't "like" itPeople are trained to believe, its western culture, that you have to rationalise things. Almost everyone almost always and everyone at some point fumbles through this. Its why you end up with junk science like creationism. Just because you can't rationalise something doesn't mean that there isn't a rational reason for it.Your feelings have been tested by evolution over a far greater timescale than reason has existed. It "doesn't feel right" is a perfectly valid reason for not doing something.Look at the arguments against allowing muslim women to wear the veil and they transfer over to wearing a face mask. It will have consequences for society quite separate from any direct biological effects.the virus is weakIrrelevant. It is their belief that matters. People were afraid and many are now not because of their belief in the efficacy of face masks. These people are out spending money right now.
b but I thought jews don't have the power to lobby institutions and businesses into doing what they want?
I was in co-op last night, no one said anything until a second person came in without one and i was told i need to wear one in future.
Keeping it real
One thing I have learned from the virus is that most people are cowards and snitches
Give it a week and I think the staff will stop even attempting to say anything.
what might have happeneddepicts him marrying a white womenffs... it ever endsThese globalist fucks REALLY ARE social engineering everyone for the massive surge in African immigration projected for this century."Global recognition of the challenges around racism are going to be all the more critical if there are large numbers of people of African descent in many countries.""The distribution of working-age populations will be crucial to whether humanity prospers or withers." https://www.bbc.com/news/health-This is what all the endless race mixing propaganda is about. Why BLACKED porn gets shilled so hard etc. Brainwashing people into accepting their own replacement.And sadest of all, it seems effective...
If only racism hadn't killed him, he would have proven string theory and married this white woman. Wouldn't be surprised if they get a couple of mutts to play his kids. BBC have outdone themselves this time, bravo.
No, it did exactly what was required of it.if you kill too many cattle you have nobody to work on the farm.consume at all costs! you were afraid but with magic facecloth you can consume again.. fuckoff 
theres only two partiesEither a mutt or a retard. Judging from the flag maybe both!
this will never be you
he bought into the blacks can't be racistmeme. in my experience they're even worse than us.
/ sensible chuklehad me in the st half lost me by the end
brexit was a mistakeI'm not taking advice from germoney's hat
Haha those white women just cant get enough of the dark meat.
Reminder that if you love your family you’re not trad.https://mobile.twitter.com/FredNietzky/status/Retvrn to trvdition, punch your nan!
Yeah, I guess you're right. I can't help but feel like they hoped it would have been more, but I guess it barely matters. The figures are all there and they're pathetic, but the ones who are scared will be scared regardless.
I fucking hate normies. I might write that on my mask.
it was a woman behind the counter, of course. mostly i get left alone because im' '" and an absolute unit.
I'll say one thing for third world wogs, they don't give a fuck about rules. I went past some dingy Turkish £ place saw they didn't have customers, and went in. The subject of masks did not come up during my haircut.
How many right wing terrorists are in this country genuinely
Whenever there is any sort of "black power" movement it is immediately cancelled when they start talking about jews. Happened with the Black Panthers, happened in the early s, and it is happening again. The ironic thing is that BLM is run by jews, but they can't control their golem.
Everyone is a potential terrorist
Yes similar to ethnic Jews having to come from a Jewish mother I think you could assert that Muslim intellect can only come from procreation between cousins.
probably in the hundreds at most. and the filth and gchq know about each one of them
be Britishwake up at sunrise to the salat al-fajr blaring through every speaker in Londonwave at the CCTV camera while I'm taking a showereat some shakshuka for breakfast because my wife's son says breakfast needs to be more diversethere's a letter in the transom saying I must pay my tv license because indoctrination isn't freetake the underground to work and get blown up by an innocent refugeewake up in the hospital getting free health carewave to the CCTV camera by my hospital bedhospital food is harira and fried grasshoppers since it's halalget a notice I have to pay for my email licenserealize I've been circumcised while I was unconscious, Dr. Patel says it's more sanitary this waySharia Police runs into my room and demands to know why my wife's son isn't wearing a head scarftry to mansplain that he's a boymy wife's son says he doesn't identify that way anymoreSharia Police kill everyone in the roommy beheaded body is paraded through the streets while everyone chants "fuck white people!"The Guardian and Telegraph say they're worried about my public execution because it might cause Islamaphobiabe buried in Highgate cemeterymy bones are being monitored by CCTVhave to renew my burial license next month
This is like the fifth time in the last week. Something is genuinely brewing it seems
Reminder, as always, to fuck Hong Kongers.https://mobile.twitter.com/acczibit/status/
wikipedia sourcewhy do you ruin every thread?
I fucking 'ate pikeys
anyone born in judea was a jew so nothing to do with race, gotcha.
What do you think of American trannies moving to the U.K, pretending to be British?
How many they decide Your post may have put you in that campLet's not argue over who offended who When they can twist words and label you anything they want you to be
The masks are a pointless forced meme. I'll still wear them though and get in every fuckers hostile little face for making me wear them. I've already been banned from two of my local supermarkets.
the complete lack of action from twitter, and the almost grudging acceptance to actually call his multiple hour rants racist from lefty media, shows how dangerous the BLM narrative is.the one mistake Wiley made was target Jews instead of whites. and in Black Hebrew Israelite theology, the Jew is the "king race" of the whites. they believe Jews are whites, but are the most powerful whites. it's a distinction almost without a difference. if you took his rants and replaced "Jewish" with white, not only would he have been ignored, he'd probably have been given a BBC documentary slot to spend half an hour teaching the British public about how whites are demonic.
you forgotwalk round the group of polish labourers drinking lager and eating tuna out of tins in the street
This isn't a Creative Writing class, fuck off Tarquin
Wut, it explicitly says they are an ethnic group. They inbred over  years which led to them having similar characteristics. You must be a retard or a jew to not know this
Far-right groups consist of MI agents and Special Branch agents trying to goad one another into doing something violent
Conspiritard hat on - they are somehow doing it deliberately so they can say Twitter supports anti-semitism, oust/sideline Jack Dorsey and accelerate the Paul Singer takeover
memeflag
Madonna?
that sounds about right. can't have a social media platform in the hands of a goy
Do you ever start writing something fairly impassionately and feel the enthusiasm drain away from you mid-way through lads?
Lots of bootlicking in this thread.
Oooh, I know! I know! The terrorist must be the white man, right? So fucking transparent
I don’t believe COVID- is real lads
which powerful group is a massive proponent for open borders?which powerful group is a massive proponent for multicultralism?which powerful group is a massive proponent of feminism, and 'progressive' values?which powerful group is a massive proponent in the porn industry shilling Miscegenation?Which powerful group DOMINATES the Media, Hollywood, Music industry, and uses these mediums to shill all of the above.What effect has this had on Employment, Wages, Prices, Family, Relationships, Culture?If you don't see the connection & its consequences, you're a sub  IQ moron and should fuck back off to plebbit.
In the same way the KKK are overwhelmingly feds and police and spooks, hard right wing groups here are the same
Free speech row over new hate crime bill in Scotlandthis is such bullshit because what you hate is subjective - a gun shot to the head might top the list on things that piss you off, but there's some freak out there who'd pay good money to have it happen to themand this "analysis" is saying we would (not even "should") not want to be responsible for some nigger chimping out; never mind blaming the nigger for their violent reactions, no it's somehow my fault because they're so quick to lash out blindly at the mere sounding of that word "nigger"not that it matters because we don’t have a right to own a gun to protect our right to say what we like, so all the pundits and fags are umming and ahhing over how restricted a privilege to speak we should get; a small formality for them to pretend to care, as we run headlong towards despotism no doubt
Sounds cool. A few weeks ago I walked up to the Lodge Slabs up by Loch Grannach in Galloway, cycled there, slept in a bivvy bag overnight, went swimming and climbed the Lodge Slabs the next morning. Great fun, if shit hits the fan I'm just going to go live outdoors, there were plenty of fish and sheep, drinkable water and firewood.
all the ti
I asked a manager today and she told me they're not allowed to enforce it. so you can put a complaint it and get free coupons kek
mass africanizationThey are at most % of the popualtion and most of them live in one cityHow the hell is the country going to get africanized with those numbers?
Shitpipe of a kike country. Kween resembles a reptilian kike
is real ISRAEL ?COINCIDENCE!?I THINK NOT
By importing more. Thats the only way because they dont have a hugh birthrate in UK because they get so many abortions just like in the states
they clearly aren't though and you havent provided a single thing that disproves this
Ok? How's that any worse than getting shanked with a spork by a paki, or that % of your women ooze clemedia and/or syph? You're a joke, bro.
sounds comfy af. i do a lot of rough camping with a bivvy bag round here. would love to do it in scotland where it's actually legal but it's fucking miles away. last time i was camping at a castle and someone actually called the old bill. told me i had to leave, but i wandered off and came back after an couple of hours. england is the least free country in europe probably.
Fuck me, you have to pay to take that course. Just searched it up.
So your issue is one of efficacy? If that’s the case then get an FFP mask lad.
Really easy to tell who I’ve hit the nail on the head describing kek
Its known as withnailling.

fuck off you giant pussy. you were taking the piss so i did too and now i've hurt your feelings.
Yeah, I've been camping a few times in England and been told to leave, with threat of cops coming out. I was in an open field with no crops or livestock, no farm in site to go ask if I could camp or not. No idea how they knew I was there.

it's all coming undone
I'm not opposed to the idea but is should have been a thing back in march , but they were too proud to admit they had no stockpiles, even though mask wearing is part of pre existing pandemic flu plans. To do it now when the pandemic is basically over in the UK is pointless. I reckon that domcum and his band of behavioural scientists.Literally every single law is "forced compliance" , I'm not a supporter of the masks atm but forcing people to do or not do stuff to protect public health is millennia old.
Kek I did it for work, so workplaces are paying to indoctrinate their staff with this stuff
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/
holy kek this is good content
UH OHBLERMPwhat do u bong FUCKS think of danagel PLERNG
It’s a mixture of things that have nothing to do with slowing the spread of the virus.Some MPs want the UK to be more inline with other nations; some get a kick out of passing draconian laws; some want to do everything and anything to slow the spread of the virus, even if it doesn’t work or is OTT.It’s going to backfire eventually, when we see a rise in cases due to opening up, and retards (so all MPs) are going to cry and shut down the country again, inciting societal anger and change. Will be a fun couple of years.
Englandastan Free shamima bagumDindu nun
https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/face-coverings-when-to-wear-one-and-how-to-make-your-own/face-coverings-when-to-wear-one-and-how-to-make-your-ownYou do not need to wear a face covering if you have a legitimate reason not to. This includes (but is not limited to):not being able to put on, wear or remove a face covering because of a physical or mental illness or impairment, or disabilityif putting on, wearing or removing a face covering will cause you severe distressto avoid harm or injury, or the risk of harm or injury, to yourself or others
the access laws in england are a fucking joke, like everything else.they're completing the footpath legislation now. if a path isn't mapped and included it'll be lost forever. half of the paths i use haven't been used for years.
And BASED Patel ensures it’ll be carried out at the highest levels as well
SMALL TOWN WITCH COME TO MESS ME UPSMALL TOWN WITCH COME TO MESS ME UP, AGAINhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUBVVbcCDdM
that's precisely the psyop.relationships have been totally refrained around empty hedonism. "good news white women, these millions of Africans we want to flood your countries with are the 'great' loversconveniently ignores % high divorce rate, the domestic abuse,their reputation of abandoning their own children.
) The number is obviously increasing all the time, since there is a limitless pool of nogs in Africa to draw upon and ) it's more a matter of the society becoming culturally black on the whole regardless of its demographics -- much as apartheid-era South Africa used to be culturally white despite whites being a minority
there is a correct answer?
hello fren, I assume you're my ex danefag now currently danefren anyway
so we all have to pretend to be spastics just to get a pint of milk now?
David Lammy is on LBC talking about BLM
Be me out with friends for the first time since lockdownWe've been friends for over a decade, we can talk and joke about most thingsConversation turns to face masks I explain that I don't think they work (neither do most scientists) and i'm not really comfortable wearing them. They say even if it doesn't work, its best to just wear it I say that I don't think governments should ever mandate clothing e.g muh yellow starsSeveral of my friends seem generally offended by my viewsAnyone had similar experiences? It's honestly like some weird religion to which I am a heretic. Or should I just shut up and put on my muzzle like a good goy?
I explain that I don't think they workhttps://www.ucsf.edu/news////still-confused-about-masks-heres-science-behind-how-face-masks-preventhttps://wwwnc.cdc.gov/eid/article///-_articlehttps://www.cdc.gov/media/releases//p-americans-to-wear-masks.htmlhttps://www.healthaffairs.org/doi/full/./hlthaff..https://www.wsj.com/articles/face-masks-really-do-matter-the-scientific-evidence-is-growing-https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/coronavirus/in-depth/coronavirus-mask/art-
Trump says wear the mask, I wear the mask.Trump says take the vaccination, I take the vaccination.Trump says he needs my vote, he's got my vote.I would die for this man. I would cut off my balls just to have a beer with him. I would do anything for him.If you don't agree, you're not a true American.Repost if you agree
Keep blaming the people in power, that's how the system survives.
Blow me, subhuman slav serf
top cringe
Is it really that hard to put in a buttplug?Is it really that hard to have a recycling bin?Is it really that hard to say black lives matter?Look at yourself in the mirror, shill.
except proper masks do work.that is why proper PPE for doctors stops them from getting infected with many airborne viruses/diseases.the shitty fake masks or cloth ones that are loose fitting only work maybe % as well (still better than nothing)
If they're offended they're not your friends, simple as.

that is why proper PPE for doctors stops them from getting infected with many airborne viruses/diseases.Things nobody ever said before  for $.
Yet  months ago, the advice was the literal exact opposite. These are the same people who majorly fucked the whole covid response. In my country they literally exterminated old people. Why should I listen to these people? Especially when there's plenty of evidence that  sheets of tissue paper DOESNT stop viruses.
You do not need to wear a mask in Tesco. See tweet below from Tesco's official Twitter account. Most shoppers (probably % at my local supermarket) did not wear masks in May and June and cases/deaths continued to fall.
You seem legitimately low IQ, what's wrong with neu-/pol/?
You are wrong, PPE is considered the last line of defense and is never used as a source of primary control. if a doctor knows a patient has an actual deadly disease you can be guaranteed he will come in in a hazmat suit.
Were your friends wearing masks?
I thought that it will be mandatory to wear masks in stores from the th?
Wow, what a well elucidated argument. You've sure changed my mind
No, it was yesterday. But there are exemptions e.g if you have anxiety lol
From yesterday (in England).
Anime conventions are wild.
In the shops yes, as you can get a £ fine for not doing so.But I know we'll eventually have to be wearing them in all public places. None of them seemed to have a problem and these are intelligent, thoughtful people.
Facemasks = Yellow StarsThat'd only be true if a certain segment of the population had to wear it, and others not. I could see it as dangerous if we say, only those with immuno-deficiencies, were to wear the mask as people might begin to blame them for this lockdown continuing. However, if everyone wears the mask, no one is singled out. It's the same reason it's not tyranny we all have to cover our genitals - because we ALL have to.
None of them seemed to have a problem and these are intelligent, thoughtful people.So maybe you're the odd one out
This thread again, huh britbong. You should wear it when you're around tons of strangers in enclosed spaces.
The elites don't, even the ones who are the heroes that libcucks are all cheering on. Heroes because they agree with each other.
As well. Look at these "fashionable" masks that happen to be useless.
https://skribbl.io/?dBwOyuDJjyjoin for faggotry
You mean when there's no one within six feet of him, he removes his mask? Shocking!They work. The point is not to eliminate infection chance, but to reduce it. It's not the chainlink fence metaphor. Some of the particles do slip through, yes, but they mainly travel in saliva and mucus flying from your mouth. As they're contained in these globs, they're contained in the mask. You might want to compare our infection rates, mine, a mask culture, yours, and anti-mask culture.
Why?
That's a fair analysis. But assumably there will come a point where those who have been (((vaccinated))) dont have to muzzle up, and those who haven't still have to. Does that count?Maybe. It's not so much the difference of opinion, but the complete unquestioning acceptance.
You're assuming that mask wearing is the only factor affecting infection rates. Surely you'd need an extensive multivariate analysis before you can say one way or the other
Masks don’t work. The science blatantly proves they do not even slow spread, regardless of where they are implemented. Peer review studies done for decades (Notice I said peer review as the recent studies are not reviewed) have shown that facial coverings do not prevent or slow the spread of viral disease. Either these measures are being implemented out of fear and ignorance or it is purposefully malicious. You decide.
If there's a vaccine, it'll the mask mandate will likely go away. At that point, infection is voluntary. I'd be concerned about a mandatory vaccine though. I, however, don't think a vaccine will ever come. Corona viruses are notoriously difficult to create a vaccine for and when they were trying for a SARs vaccine, the results were often worse than SARs itself (reminder, SARs has a % death rate). You're right. There's multiple actions that increase and decrease infection. Masks, however, do help and we have to remember corona is a new disease. It's not a Herculean Task to ask you to wear a mask. I understand making someone wear a mask makes you uncomfortable, many people feel that way, but the real benefit for you and I is it becomes a slow burn until herd immunity happens in the near future. You and I WILL get it. It's too far spread and it's not going away anytime soon. When you and I do though, and if it becomes serious, it's best to have a hospital bed ready.

Actually go kys. Fucking cringe nigger
See based japan poster
I have accepted that covid views is the contemporary litmus test for rooting out NPCs
I'd like to state further though, masks for EVERYONE is a little silly. I live in a metropolis of  million people - I should be masked up the second I step out the door. If you live in London, you should too.If you're in some bumfuck hamlet though with more sheeps to shag than people, it's a little silly for you to be wearing a mask (if you stay in the hamlet, are meeting relatively few people, and no where nearby has any cases).
I get what you're saying. It's nice to have a reasoned debate that doesn't descend into abuse.The vaccine issue is an interesting one, they seem to have identified a lot if mutations so you're almost certainly right.If I genuinely believed the mass wearing if masks will actually save lives, I would be more comfortable doing it. I know in East Asian cultures its just a non issue. I just dont see a way back from the damage this is going to do to the social cohesion in my country.
Again, a very sensible perspective
Remember when that guy in London got fined for bot wanting to show his face when the police did facial recognition tests?That's why you should wear a mask
If you think a face mask will stop you being identified and surveiled, you're mistaken
What are your positions on covid, No Retards EditionAnswer these questions: Fake or real? Are you going to take a vaccine? Should the state mandate masks? Should the state mandate a vaccine? [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?
Fake or real?RealAre you going to take a vaccine?YesShould the state mandate masks?I'm not sureShould the state mandate a vaccine?I'm not sure[Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?Fine by me
Real, likely synthetic origin, yet either a pure lab research strain or a prototype of a "terror weapon" with low lethality but such rapid spread it will kill those few susceptible within the first weeks of a pandemic, creating an artificial mortality peak which scares the crap outa everyone. Masks are actually nice idea in general (see flu season) but are used propagandistically to push further agenda like useless vaccines. They will never work as it has been previously shown that vaccination against Coronaviridae in general does not work ... with current technology it is as it appears impossible to induce a sufficient protective immune response against the virus (compare to that until now we don't have a vaccine against something as simple as the sniffles).
as real as the fluno never I don't take flu vaccines eitherno masks don't work everyone knows it, in fact we should drop all pretenses and get everyone sick to get base immunity against corona virusesno state mandated vaccines will be riddled with problems due to the monopoly and will have health consequencesit's not fucking bill Gates, it's China who's pushing the whole mask and vaccine industry because they're making Bn* every day because retards wear masks.
realno, gonna see how it works on other people first.no. retarded. masks don’t do shit without proper handling and specific kinds of masksnooooooo. fuck thathe either wants to save his own wrinkly hide from catching the coof and dying or he wants to make history and be written as some hero while rolling in cash and denying vaccine privilege as a means to leverage his power over people
we do actually have a vaccine against the flu. But it evolves. What's better is getting one version so your body more accurately learns to fight off other versions. A natural immunity is much better than a synthetic one.
 Fake or real?Real. The fake virus propaganda is being pushed by chink shills. Are you going to take a vaccine?Yes. Should the state mandate masks?Yes. It would be nice if everyone would do it without being forced though. Unfortunately we got a lot of dipshits out there that love to act up. Should the state mandate a vaccine?The creation of a vaccine? I don't understand this question. [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?He's doing it for purely altruistic reasons. Don't believe the nonsense coming from those  year old facebook moms.
Fake or real?Real Are you going to take a vaccine?Yes but I'll let others take it first Should the state mandate masks?Absolutely. And it was done far too late. If masks were mandated immediately most places could have avoided lockdowns and many deathsShould the state mandate a vaccine?Yes[Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?A good thing. The sooner we have a vaccine that actually works without side effects the sooner the economy can fully re open. That requires a lot of money, and Gates does help. As a bonus he plans to prioritize Africans in early vaccinations which is good since we can see if it's safe or not
Fake and gayNoNoNohttps://youtu.be/MmvMcjug
 Fake or real?its real but its over hyped bythe media Are you going to take a vaccine?if it doesnt have aborted baby parts sure Should the state mandate masks?no Should the state mandate a vaccine?no [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?hes a faggot and a cause of this bullshit
Real but could be exaggeratedNoIf the situation demands itNoBill wants to make money and he has enough already
Do you know anything about the theory that viruses don't meet the definition because they don't meet Koch's Postulate standards? If yes, is it bullshit or real?
 Fake or real?Real, the social distancing likely is helping keep the numbers down but this gives the false impression that the virus isn't a big deal. Are you going to take a vaccine?No, not for any real reason, I just normally don't get flu shots or anything. Should the state mandate masks?Yes, they should have done this from the very beginning. The fact that the state can't even pull together some masks to protect its citizens should tell you how much shit they have on the shelf in dealing with other large scale problems. Should the state mandate a vaccine?Possibly, if the true extent of the virus is on par with things like polio and smallpox where it just needs to be eradicated or else it's not possible to return to normal then fine. [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?Bill Gates is no different than every other Boomer that goes looking for religion or whatever later in life, they see the clock ticking down and they want to atone or do some good to be remembered by. People like Bill Gates might be a bit out of touch with the common man and not fully interpret how the effects of his money can detrimentally affect people's lives. Much like dumping money into Africa to feel good about one's self, the money may be ending up in the wrong hands or for the wrong causes and end up negatively impacting things.
I had Covid back in Janurary, it sucked for a few days, but then I got better.Sickest I've ever been in my life.
here's your u
A real nothingburgerNoNoNoI don't trust him.
fake, no, no, no, evil
Trump says wear the mask, I wear the mask.Trump says take the vaccination, I take the vaccination.Trump says he needs my vote, he's got my vote.I would die for this man. I would cut off my balls just to have a beer with him. I would do anything for him.If you don't agree, you're not a true American.Repost if you agree
 Fake or real?It's real.  Are you going to take a vaccine?Only if it's proven to work Should the state mandate masks?Yes. We need to end this yesterday Should the state mandate a vaccine?not sure [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?whatever works at this point
Found the russian shillbot. You made it far too obvious.
Exaggerated, limited real version pit there. no no
True, flue vaccine is mostly a guessing game by the WHO which strain will become prevalent during the next season. Was talking more about non-flu sniffles (rhinovirus for example), these are notoriously tricky to mount a response against. Which definition? Please specify. A virus is technically not "alive", yes ... although a few are actually quite large and something in between (bringing their own protein machinery etc). A virus is more a "parasitic program", non-autonomous life so to speak. But again, the boundaries are fluid here. Consider them a rogue genomic template. Compare to natural role of plasmids in bacteria.
Trump says wear the mask, I wear the mask.Trump says take the vaccination, I take the vaccination.Trump says he needs my vote, he's got my vote.I would die for this man. I would cut off my balls just to have a beer with him. I would do anything for him.If you don't agree, you're not a true American.Repost if you agree
 Fake or real?Real but only weaklings and oldfags die from it Are you going to take a vaccine?Only when it's mandatory but at the last moment, and when I'm sure it doesn't turn you or your sperm into potatoes. Should the state mandate masks?Sure I already got my useless mask, at least I can breathe in it. Should the state mandate a vaccine?No only the weaklings should get it. [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?Population control maybe?
its the flu and normies are brainwashed
 Fake or real?Real Are you going to take a vaccine?No. I'm under  with no health problems. I don't need it. I'm not worried about COVID- Should the state mandate masks?No. Should the state mandate a vaccine?No.
Lick dat boot m
 Fake or real?Real Are you going to take a vaccine?No not until a year or so has passed. If ever. Should the state mandate masks?Yes Should the state mandate a vaccine?No
fake and gay
-real=not unless I have to=meh=no=suspiciousThe virus is an awfully suspicious burden upon health care providersIt shouldn't be dismissed as a hoaxIt seems almost too good to be true as a tool of controlMasks are a small concessionKeep your eyes on the prize
 Fake or real?Fake Are you going to take a vaccine?For what? Should the state mandate masks?No.  Should the state mandate a vaccine?Vaxx don’t work at the best of times.  [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?thinkThere’s undeniable proof of this.
 Fake or real?real but overestimated probably a Chinese bioweapon. Are you going to take a vaccine?whatever they're going to issue is going to be rushed so no Should the state mandate masks?no Should the state mandate a vaccine?no [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?could be genuine philanthropy
 Fake or real?Real Are you going to take a vaccine?The last flu vaccine (Pandemrix in ) rolled out here en-masse caused narcolepsy in young people, so no. But the vaccine will go to risk groups primarily before the youth get a chance at it Should the state mandate masks?No Should the state mandate a vaccine?No
lmao? med packs are much more likely to be shillbots due to your central European laying.
Welcome to /pol/ - Politically Incorrect
Check the catalog before posting a new thread!
Reply to existing threads about a topic instead of starting a new one. New users who do not abide by this principle will be temporarily blocked from creating threads. Mods will delete obvious duplicate threads and spam without notice. Don't bitch because your twitter screencap thread got deleted; there are probably other threads about it. Go look!
PURPLE REVOLUTION
% OP. This is % a carbon copy of every color revolution attempt that happened in other nations under Obama's Admin.
Purple is a color associated with royalty, going back millennia Anon.They subliminally advertising their perceived statusThese people are not to be trusted under any circumstances
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFEsFGS-trump isnt your friend...
red and blue are also colors
BLM is just like all other 'colour revolutions.Pakistan ISI involved
Don’t care still voting for trump tranny jannie
Possibly.More simple explanation is COVID + BLM were a convenient way of cleaning out blue state/city budget deficits. COVID/school closures breaks the teachers unions, BLM breaks the police unions. Two birds, one stone effectively.Trump is no substantive threat to the elite agenda.
Good catch
I get the feeling Bill Clinton isn't mentally there anymore.
t. Machiavelli
thats because purple dye was very hard and expensive to make, so only royalty could screw the peons enough to have it on command.sounds familiar? the common man should despise anyone who deems to robe themselves in purple, because it signifies your slavery not their superiority
Trump released the virus dum dum
Pretty close anon. The color is BLACK.
Yes, the Soros color revolution is exactly like what happened in Ukraine, the only difference is that in this instance the patriotic types aren't taking the bait. The antifa useful idiots are too weak to fight the police so they need to convince the "patriotic military veteran constitutionalist" types to attack the police. This outcome is achieved by getting the "patriotic military veteran" types to come out and counter protest the antifas, upon which the police will proceed be instructed by their superiors to unfairly arrest only the patriotic militia veteran types. The "boogaloo boys", "proud boys" type psy op stemmed from this need. The fact that Americans have not yet done so means that their attempted color revolution is failing, but they are currently trying and they will continue to to work toward this objective over the next few months toward the election.
This is insane. Help me out Bois and send me info graphics to send to this trendy normie.
pick a fightget BTFO"help me /pol/! I can't defend my own opinions! let's spam them with unsourced images that I haven't personally verified as being true!!"So this is the power of /pol/....
Lol gimme a sec I'll see if I can find the vid

Oof your normie friend is so not ready for "blacks commit more crimes" but I feel like such a conclusion is so easy to be taken out of what they said lulz...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YPdByFhNH
Just send him fuck niggers, quit your job and go all in on link cunt let's FUCKING GOOOOOK
Kill him/her for being race traitors!
Just post global demographics. You can't and neither can anyone else.
(Warning Graphic)https://www.bitchute.com/video/qiGeknSkJnfJ/Enjoy...Deus Vult
This is what happens when their response to criticism is "I-I'm still voting Trump! Shill!". Can it really come as a surprise to anyone that these insulated newfags who consider anyone opposed to them to be a CIA plant are incapable of defending their positions in the real world?
"Analysts maintain that police brutality is part of a broader crime problem in America an does not have racial motivation."
When I was in college some stupid old faggot tried arguing with me that there was no problem with South Africa. And I kid you not - he said "I have many white Jewish friends who live there".
We're really long past the point where "winning" Internet fights matters. These people want you dead and no amount of logic will persuade them otherwise. Don't cast pearls before swine. Prepare yourself accordingly.

Yeah, a gore vid will definitely prove that there's a targeted genocide of white farmers in south africa. Got em!
Ask him if there were reliable figures that Jews were being murdered in Nazi Germany
As in, if people are being killed and the government is helping or doesn't care why would they bother to record and report "reliable" figures? What does "reliable" even means?
https://steemit.com/life/@voxxe/stop-genocide-in-south-africa
you fucking jew cunts sold us out - hope you enjoy the same future % cunt, BLM
This reply is on a whole nother level.
Tthhhiisssss. Wanted to post this but irish got it. Also there are boer figures, swear I have seen them
Exactly. Liberals value emotional appeal over logical ones....unless they're a psychopath, this should at least jolt them enough to open up their mind to other possibilities than the narrative they're being fed
unironically did this
Laugh at this retard
Lol, the ANC government got "captured" by some Indian businessmen, they then looted over  trillion rand in taxpayer money, and completely gutted all major public utilities. Blacks are poorer than ever and they are beginning to starve because local officials are stealing and selling off food packages. Tell the faggot to come visit, and he's not allowed to stay with whites.
Krause! SHE'S GERMAN!
Of course there wouldn't be reliable figures. The government is trying to cover it up. The people who determine the figures are the same people who want to eradicate whites.
lol why are you even bothering with someone who is clearly brainwashed beyond repair?
Oh wait it's a she....nevermind dont post the gore
OP, your opponent's argument is RAMPANT VIOLENT CRIME IS OKAY AS LONG AS IT'S UNIVERSAL AND NOT RACIALLY MOTIVATEDYou are arguing with an insane person.
Where are their statistics? I see a shitload of words but zero statistics. He wants proof from you but provides none himself. Do the numbers show its not a direct correlation with CRIME and VIOLENCE?
ahahahahahahah oh no no no you can't even defend yourself hahaha
well what a shame the video is from south america then you fucking idiot
just respond with "you trust the government of south africa?"
Even Hitler didn't engage the Jew slime after his hand reformed the next day. I'm sure you'd love us all wasting our time on that though.
He isn't a white farmer is south Africa. You arnt a nigger in America. You wouldn't be saying blank if you Wernt a white boy in America and instead a nigger.
Ooof good catch. It's late and I didnt check the comments. It's actually a mob dealing with a pedo in SA. I concede, thanks for calling it out
lost cause
Apartheid ended in the early 's, but I'll be generous and make it . So in a quarter of a century, , whites were murdered in South Africa. That puts us at , a year. The murder rate in SA has been a bit spiky over the past century (pic related), but if we average it out we get a murder rate of around  a day.So over the course of the last  years, SA has had roughly k murders. Yeah, damn, half a million murders in the past quarter century. In , whites were % of the population of SA, and have declined to around % since. We'll take the median and go with %. Are you ready, faggot? I know you love crime statistics, so here's the big reveal: according to your pic, whites in South Africa, despite being % of the population, are victims of a mere .% of all murders over the past  years.Does that sound like genocide to you? They got genocided so hard that their percentage of the overall population has declined at around one percent per decade since the end of apartheid?
that's Italy
Just show them this song called "Kill the boer".Boer means farmer in Afrikaans but is also used predominantly as a name for the white dutch-descended ethnic group, the Afrikaners, in South Africa.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aNJitdqBkIf you want to make your redpill extra spicy, the first line of the song is:Here is a message from Joe SlovoJoe Slovo was a close advisor to Nelson Mandela, ANC party member and a generally important figure. His full name is (((Yossel Mashel Slovo))) and he's calling for white genocide.
Can't read shit in that pic
Imagine being sexually interested in a person who thinks the death of your race is ok and actually defends it.
middle mouse then zoom in you nigger
It's a cartel video
Yeah bro you got me, everyone who disagrees with you is a jew. People who point out that maybe it's a good idea to practice your debate skills so you can defend your "beliefs" without having to run to /pol/ for backup? Jews. Me sitting here telling you guys that infographics are not arguments? Definitely a jew.seeI like the math on your two pics, though. Your first one has , murdered since the end of apartheid (around , aka  years ago) and your second one includes rape and torture, gets up to ,, but only during the past  years? What am I supposed to get from this? Either they put the genocide on hold for a decade or so somewhere between  and today, or your numbers are bullshit.
Racemixers aren't the most intelligent of peopleNot surprised a lot of lib women get raped
the gov say it not therefore it notWow so poltards are unable to argue against this?Lmao
k.% of kWhat kind of advanced math is this?
Not that I'm a big fan of him nowadays, but I remember Serpentza from YT talk about growing up in south africa. Maybe you could dig it up as an "independent voice".
I just get tired of seeing this type of post all the time. Random retards picking fights on twitter or r*ddit or wherever. They get beat handily because no one on /pol/ ever actually defends their views. They get so used to the echo chamber here they forget how to argue or convince anyone of anything. Then the second they get any sort of resistance they come crying to /pol/ and begging for someone else to fight their battle for them.
It's a slow process
Can't read shit zoomed in on mobile
Go back to Europe, we don't want you in South Africa.
How about you learn to research shit on your own instead of regurgitating stuff you have heard online. The mental gymnastics of your average leftie is astounding, you will need aa Deep and wide pool of knowledge if you are going to have any chance at making anyone in you know irl see the truth about shit like this. So get to it you moron. If you need to ask /pol/ for help now then imagine the embarassment you will experience when you have to have a discourse like this face to face. Learn to read and research. Until you do, be very careful what you throw out there in conversation because with the knowledgebase you have rn you will only be hurting the white cause
, is % of k, not .%the things i could show you if you were smart enough to do basic maths
Here is a simple solution: All whites should return to Europe, Africa is for blacks.
You completely fucked the math on that one, I'm not even going to reply to that.As for the difference in the numbers, I wouldn't trust a nigger government to count correctly, let alone count honestly.
He stopped living in China and went full right wing. He lives here now somewhere near San Diego I think. I'm not sure whether that's a good thing or a bad thing but now he cannot go back to China so who knows what he'll do now.
wouldn't ofJesus christ I cringe everytime I see that. Surly this can't be the right spelling? Shouldn't it be "wouldn't have"?
whites in South Africa, despite being % of the population, are victims of a mere .% of all murders over the past  years.Are you fucking dense? If we calculate the  year span using k total and k white killings, whites in ZA are slightly overrepresented as murder victims with %, compared to being % of the population. White/European people in South Africa are like sitting ducks.The government is harassing you and wants to take your rights and your possessions. You get regularly singled out as crime victims and you literally have to live behind tall walls with barbed wire and remote operated steel gates unless you want to get burgled and murdered. Forget about enjoying that nice lonely beach you found because you'll get robbed or worse by a pack of niggers that's waiting in the bushes nearby. That all being said the blacks are not treating each other much better but at least the government is not targeting them on the basis of their race.
/thread
It's an aussie thing
Uh oh, they caught me typing numbers wrong at am. Good job guys, that means you get a free pass to ignore the content of my posts. That's how it works, right? Catch a typo, win the argument? The point still stands: per capita murders of whites in SA are nowhere even remotely close to what would be considered a genocide. the things i could show you if you were smart enough to do basic mathsCan you show me how a group that has declined from % of the population in  to % of the population today is the focus of state sponsored genocide? Even assuming there has been literally no white emigration from SA since the end of apartheid (lol) then this is it?  years of genocide reduced the white population by, bear with me now, %? Not a very effective genocide.
Imma claim some shit without acquiring evidence firstgets btfod by a fucking normalfagREEEEEEEEEE /pol/ help meeeewWhy do you faggots always do this??Actually providing proofs and infographics instead of appealing to emotion like everyone else is our greatest strength.
It's an aussie thingSo it is the correct way to spell in aussie land?
Shut the fuck up, you clown. You can't even do basic math, why should anyone care about your uneducated opinion?
There's a pdf out there of every documented farm murder for like  years and there's thousands of them. I'll try and find it
FLOMPboombell.. ROMPF
Not what I was looking for but a good report on it from :https://www.afriforum.co.za/wp-content/uploads///Farm-attack-and-murder-report.pdf
Arguing is for women and homos. Glad I could help.
you cant go "back" if you never started there.
This one also looks promising:https://africacheck.org/wp-content/uploads///ANI-ENGLISH.pdf
Tell him to watch fox news.. he'll be lovingBLERMPIn no tame
Well if the black government of South Africa says black people dindu nuffin, who are we to argue? can't argue with the government.
https://www.politicsweb.co.za/opinion/newss-dodgy-farm-murder-report
That's a pasta nigger anon.
do not have a racial motivationYeah like the austrian restaurant owner that got chopped up with a machete by a nigger trying to "just rob" him because that's clearly what people do during a normal robbery, racial hatred there.
*no racial hatred there
yeah, but it wouldn't surprise me if in the coming years we start seeing 'would of' showing up in dictionaries as an alternate. i hate these faggot dictionaries that go too deep into the 'living language' ethos and amend the definitions of words simply because retards misusing them has become so common. and with liberals running things, insisting on correct spelling and usage will probably become racist, and not hiring someone because their resume looks like a ten-year-old wrote it will be discriminatory and you'll be sent to jail. fuck this gay earth.
- stats:https://www.enca.com/south-africa/map-farm-murders-across-sa
Does this person live here? If I heard someone say the words eurocentric I'd jab them in the throat
If your math is that bad, then yes. It is so blatantly obvious you fucked up it does invalidate the rest of your post because only a retard would make that mistake and I don't listen to retards
the deliberate killing of a large group of peopleI'm gonna level with you guys: it's just a per capita decline. Actual white population numbers haven't really moved. They've gone from around k total whites in SA at the end of apartheid to around k in the s. While the total white population dropped k in  years, the total black and mixed race populations increased by k and k, respectively. Whites being less of the population today is just the result of being outbred by non-whites. And that decline includes all the white people who decided to just move out of the country since the end of apartheid which even in the past couple decades has averaged around k per year.Yeah, that's the stuff I'm talking about. You don't even have to respond man, we're cool. I made a typo so you win.
no. don't listen to this moron. it's a common misspelling in pretty much all english-speaking countries. it's just wrong. when native speakers talk, 'would've' and 'would of' sound basically identical, so morons write 'would of' because they aren't very smart. it's not some regional difference. and currently you won't find any dictionary (british, US, aussie) that says it's acceptable to write 'would of.'
Don't hang out with this sort of person beyond working hours. Nothing good will come of it
"decided" to just move outSurely not motivated by machete attacks.
It's cool homie, I got some more for you:https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Demographics_of_South_Africawhite population in SA, : ,white population in SA, : , https://www.thesouthafrican.com/lifestyle/south-africans-abroad/emigration-data-how-many-white-south-africans-leaving/whites who voluntarily left SA, -: ,So if we account for white people who are born in SA chose to leave the country, the white population of SA has actually increased since ? What? Is that what genocide means, now? People who voluntarily choose to move away from niggers are actually being genocided? White Americans got genocided out of Detroit? I'm learning so much today!
seeIs that what genocide means, now? People who voluntarily choose to move away from niggers are actually being genocided?Don't move those goalposts now sweetie, is there genocide or not?
I feel this is a bad faith argument. If I come over to your table while you're eating dinner and drop a big fat shit on your plate, and you decide you don't want to eat the food underneath it anymore, get up, and walk away, yes, you "voluntarily" left. But we both know the reason you left is because I took a big fat shit on your plate. There's absolutely zero metric for you to determine "oh I just felt like getting out" vs "I'm leaving because I'm not retarded and would like to avoid being turned into boerewors".
% of the total population, but ~% of theirs - which is absolutely a genocide. But, then you know that.
Uh oh, they caught me typing numbers wrongSure... That's the problem, you lying jew scum.
imagine voting for biden? how much of a neocon are you?t. leftypol
It's happened a few times before in Africa. I'll use Zimbabwe as an example:Early  - Zimbabwe to seize white-owned farms without compensationhttps://www.nytimes.com////world/zimbabwe-to-seize-white-owned-farms.htmlLate  - Zimbabwe allowing "some" white farmers to returnhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/world/africa/zimbabwe-seized-white-farmers-land-now-some-are-being-invited-back////fd-d-e-f-deddfdcda_story.html - White farmers "quietly" returning to farm ownership in Zimbabwehttps://www.telegraph.co.uk/news////white-farmers-quietly-returning-seized-land-zimbabwe-mugabes/ - Zimbabwe gives land back after wrecking their own economyhttps://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/--/zimbabwe-offers-land-to-recompense-dispossessed-white-farmersNow, Zimbabwe isn't South Africa. It's just their immediate neighbor. Early  - South Africa votes to take white farmer land without compensation.https://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/south-africa-white-farms-land-seizure-anc-race-relations-a.htmlLate  - South Africa begins seizing white farmer landhttps://www.washingtontimes.com/news//aug//south-africa-begins-seizing-white-owned-farms/Early  - Notable signs that South Africans are murdering white farmers for their landhttps://www.express.co.uk/news/world//South-africa-white-farmers-annette-Kennealy-death-democratic-allianceAfter that, news is more or less muddy. It seems first-world news stopped covering it, or chose to direct attention elsewhere. Regardless, South Africa is likely fucked. In a couple years, the white farmers will be back or South Africa will be a shithole with no chance of advancement.
Finaly found it, "GenocideWatch report on SA passing lvl "
a german polack made a video about SA a while ago. its about - minutes but I cant find it anymore. Had a really weird art style. I'm sure someone knows what I'm talking about
Just ask why white flight is a bad thing.
There's absolutely zero metric for you to determine "oh I just felt like getting out" vs "I'm leaving because I'm not retarded and would like to avoid being turned into boerewors".This is true, but even if you come over to my table with a gun and say, "Leave or I'll kill you", and I decide to leave, then that still doesn't mean that I've been genocided from the dining room. I'm pretty sure I made that clear, right? I even linked it again for the slower boys among us but I'll give it to you one more time:Is that what genocide means, now? People who voluntarily choose to move away from niggers are actually being genocided?We've gone from "whites in SA are being murdered as part of a state-sponsored genocide" to "whites in SA are voluntarily leaving the country because they feel unsafe". That's a pretty big shift, don't you think?
If you got this from their website then you literally had to scroll past the more recent pages of the report showing a downgrade to level  as a result of stuff like courts ruling that singing "Shoot the Boer" constitutes hate speech. This is why no one takes you guys seriously. It's painfully obvious to anyone with a brain how hard you have to cherry pick to make your position look like reality.
g
awesome meme gif swede. thx
sweatyYou belong on r/eddit.
Only if you want to set hard limits in the conversation ahead of time to define what constitutes as genocide. Do I think the government is rounding up the white people in cages and gassing them behind the scenes? No.Do I think the ANC and COSATU have sanctioned targeting actions and killings towards Boers with the goal of driving out white people? Absolutely. The original Boer was a farmer and landowner. Lots of white people in SA now are the descendants of Boers but not actual farm owners themselves. % of SA is white, and % of all farm land is owned by white people. You know we wouldn't even be having this discussion if the farms were run by blacks.I'm not sure what your goal is here other than to probably provoke /pol/tards but the Zimbabwe situation basically forced SA to tread lightly. They could easily kill all the farmers right now and install blacks on the land but they know they won't hit the same yields and be able to feed their own people. It's like a bizarre stalemate. Most of the other expats I know who left did so because of violent attacks. Some even completely fucked the salinity of their land to ensure it wouldn't be used as they were effectively forced out and would have to surrender the land with no compensation to themselves.tl;dr it's genocide in my books. Maybe not yours.
Found it https://www.bitchute.com/video/mghaiQVYsO/
The person is completely fucked OP, you could present them with all the evidence in the world, they'll never be able to absorb it. I would cut ties with this person, they aren't going to have any positive impact on your life.
I'm not sure what your goal is here other than to probably provoke /pol/tardsI've been seeing posts about whites in SA being genocided since at least  and I also have yet to see any evidence. I'm tired of seeing these boomer facebook unsourced infographicsespecially since the population numbers absolutely don't support genocide, so I'm seeing if even a single person here can back this shit up with facts. It's looking like the answer is no.% of SA is white, and % of all farm land is owned by white people.This sort of hypocrisy is why nobody takes you guys seriously. You'll have endless threads about how jews are over-represented in the media and the ultra rich, and you'll openly call for literal genocide against them, but when it's whites being grossly over-represented as landowners in a black nation, suddenly it's all cool and it's genocide if the blacks don't like it and try to make the whites give the land back.
so its give and take moving back and forth edging towards genocide, but in the mean time it's only mass murder. Got it. Thanks!
I love how the standards for proof flip flop all over the place depending on which side you're on. Black guy gets killed by cops and blacks call it murder? You guys can have the literal video of an unarmed guy getting gunned down and will debate over whether or not he deserved it. Report about hundreds of radio jammers being used in a variety of "violent crimes and especially vehicle hijackings and house robberies" in a nation with one of the highest violent crime rates in all of Africa? Literal proof of a genocide campaign against whites by "trained black soldiers".so its give and take moving back and forth edging towards genocideThey haven't changed the rating since  so no, it's pretty clearly not moving towards genocide. It's not "mass murder" either, as the population numbers clearly show I understand that you really, really want to believe that there's at least one corner of the world where white people actually are being oppressed and murdered but facts are facts.
sure feels that way living in this retard society
Please read about the first Boer War. You are again, arguing from a position of bad faith.White South Africans were anti-British and fought against their encroachment *twice*. Who passed the Native Land Act of ? Britain. Not Boers. Who tried reconciliation in ? The United Party. If you want to blame a Boer for anything, you can call out J. B. M. Hertzog for giving white women the vote.Also, I'd like to point out literally all of the infrastructure, modern farms, businesses and model of government were created over hundreds of years by the Portugese, Dutch, and British. It's not even remotely the same as Jews worming their way into an established country and taking shit over. SA was literally a shit hole that was built up by a small group of people who eventually were co-opted and then told at knife point to gibsmedat.
It's not "mass murder" eitherYes it is. By definition it is. But that's not compelling or important. A leftist organization went back and forth and admitted that we were close to genocide. At minimum a step . Previously a step . Their ratings, however, do not matter to me.Look its pretty simple, blacks love to commit murder, and they love it even more when they get to murder whites. In South Africa, there's not a lot of whites so they get brutalized much more.These people have reasons to be afraid, and it's not their white brothers.The lesson is clear: Let whites become the minority and your civilization will regress immensely.Let me ask you a simple question: How much time will it take for African nations to reach the level of prosperity of whites in the s:  years ago.Blacks are extremely daft and fairly violent. They will never compete with Asians and Whites because they are % mystery hominid and have no neanderthal blood.
no no no no no don't seek evidence!Pathetic
This is a great example of how you guys flip shit around to fit your agenda. Again, it's really fucking obvious to everyone outside your little bubble and it's one of the main reasons why no one takes you seriously. Ethnic nationalism is all rainbows and sunshine and nobody wants white people to take over the world, you "want the best for all races, but in their own homelands" right up until, oops, rather than non-whites in white homelands, it's whites in non-white homelands. Then it's full reverse and ethnic minorities are not only justified in holding disproportionate amounts of wealth in non-native homelands, they deserve it for being that much better than the natives. If they didn't deserve it, they wouldn't have been able to earn it!But oh, just watch what happens if we step back across to the other side and say that American Jews deserve their media monopoly because they earned it over multiple generations of hard work.
There is no evidence to the white genocide conspiracy theory. Take your meds shizo.
Hi from Moldova
The town rapist.
Can you enter Transnistria or is it closed off
Yer tits
Tiraspol, Bendnery, Ribnitsa, and Dubashary
I want to see children playing together and adults just hanging out with out any reason. (those are symptoms of healthy society)
Something tasty or somewhere to get something tasty
the well that jews are thrown into
Nice full house digitsI want to see pretty girls
creepshots
Gonna sound fucking retarded. I wanna see the grass. I’m always amazed that it never looks different anywhere in the world
You're sweat caked hairy balls.
thought about taking a vacation there. Your thoughts?
What are the chicks like there?
Is this weev?

nightclubs/brothels
Give me some of that Andy's Pizza Shit is actually not bad
The States (Anglosphere) has a very rich culture of grasskeeping that I love, but can't find anywhere else in the world. Avoid at all cost.  redeeming factors. What are you looking for? You can find it better in Ukraine or Romania.Nobody has checked this gem? Shame.The entire country is a brothel.
Well?
They are really pretty, slav balkan mixI'll try to take some pictures wait
The pigeon lady
Young priest
I'll try to take some pictures waitthanks
Show me some a hooker, ask her to flash teetas

Best i can do
show us the sluts, OPmoldovan whores are world-class
hiding behind a tree
how about food. street food
ask them how much
Transnistria or GTFO

Isn't Moldova the lowest ranked European country in terms of HDI?
Probably, i think recently it entered the high category
smeg
Can you show us the gopnik part of town?
 COFFEE & FURSECURIahahahaha you made my day anon, thanks
Find someone wearing a mask.
Posting in comfy thread. I want a picture of a Moldovan crosswalk. They seem to be different in every country. Best wishes Moldovan anon.
LA CIOCANA!
Any cooooomers
le-as fute pe amandoua.de asemenea, BASARABIA E ROMANIA

seamana cu parcul comunist construit aici in oras la mine, in Moldova reala
How does a westerner get to move and work there?
go to auto bus and see how many people are still up drinking from last night.
Are the borders with Romania or Transnistria closed at the moment?
Is she getting sacred vows to lose weight in the name of fit lord?
Maybe, it sounded like a exorcism
Any sunny place with decent looking girls and alcohol where there is no niggers/shitskins is ok in my book.
Looks comfy in a socialistic way.
I gotta say it looks pretty comfy.What's the downside? What's the bad part?
can you picture some graffiti?
I used to have a comfy life leaving with my multi generational familiy in the countryside(pic related) ... Buutt noooo, I had to move to Bucharest and get an education to live off of  euros a month in a commie block for the rest of my life. The game is rigged don't play it
I wanna know about the politics, is it corrupt?
Yeah, who controls your politicians?
The most corrupt in europe
I wanna know about the politics, is it corrupt?Yeah, who controls your politicians?Putin through a puppet called Igor dodon
Your cities seem to be commiblocked but pretty green. I like it!
 dollars salaries
Checked and keked
The parlament
How does that jew that stole % of gdp look like
it's too fari really like it. more green and roomy than bucharest
 Party of CommunistsWould you describe the economic model of your country as communism?
can you please picture some walltexts or graffitis? also behind the blocks?
i meant to take some pics behind the blocks* not only on main streets. i want to see.
it's good old fashion robbing barons capitalism with cheap gibs trown in to calm down the retired socialist boomer voters
Somewhere with good foodGreen spacesGood architectureLocal women
smegsmegma kek
Lmao
No money left to steal.Jews and Gypsies hate this.
Do you have any old contraptions?
It’s amazing that grass has so few regional variations. Looks like the stuff in my yard. Thanks anon!
The well kept yard is a white mans tradition. My yard is atrocious with sand burrs... fucking rabbits prevent me from removing it
Pic of local cigarettes or people out for a smoke?
No coloured people, looks boring desu
Yeah, pretty much. it's quite nice. This is the view from my flat
FPBP Checked and Kek'd
I don't understand why you are still waiting for a response, especially with quality digits such as that. You know damn well OP has a pic of his daddy somewhere.
And at night
Shut up, nigger!
kekyour city looks nice, please keep it that way
Lookin good Mr. Forestman. Would drink a few beer on your balcony/ 
I want to see the face of the town's rapist
Op here, i will eat something and then continue
True, man, I already had a beer. Cheers.
pidarasul asta nu livreaza nimic. vrem sa vedem Botanica, Buiucani sau Rascani nu parcuri si femei ca toata lumea are asa ceva
/pol/ humor thread.

I TOOK A SHIT ON THE FLOOR TODAY
what the fuckthat picture made me laugh
/b/
It always makes me laugh. Maybe i'm a little autistic. Or maybe its my injun blood showing
and you had to post that pic because?!?

it also makes me laugh every time i see it.nice get btw.
A swede walked with a finn.The swede asked from the finn that all finnish men are so based and cool.The finn said, because we won all the swedish wars, kicked russians ass so many times and after all that we let our women think they are superior. The swede went back home, kicked arabs, somalies and russians and he died.

I did that to my dick a couple days ago. Then I remembered why I still wear boxers in the summer
top kek


frank and beans!

GLORMP

/pol/ humoron /b/Are you slow fren? :/
GLERMP
/

Wait until they figure out it rolls better on paved roads.
nigger
Jesus that pusst must have been lOOse
my region :)
I like how he trained so hard he got taller
saying the truth? good!here's your honorary titles retired.
]:?(l)GRUG SAY FUCK OFF
lol, wtf.
The light being off in the last panel is a nice touch
this isn't /b/
not doing height hangs in Ishiggydiggy
Kek. How does he keep getting away with it?
Yeah so we made tests and have proof that there are difference between their IQs.Gets labeled as racist. Fucking christ please nuke humanity. If they'd disprove his arguments I'd get that. But this is yet another thing that pisses me off about humanity.
wew lad
Its like if we built a society around christine chandlers sonichu
A goddamned legend.

 It took until TWO THOUSAND AND NINETEEN for Africa to apply the wheel to water transportation. Let that sink in.
x)
every damn time this gets me
Nigger
Someone pls explain
what the fuck
what the hell am I seeing?
Faggot
Not only this, but now the commie animals are charging visitors money to see his grave, because they couldnt figure out how to otherwise pay for its upkeepahahahahaHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHHA!
didn't learn stop, drop, and roll
That was a good one
what is this
based kanye
Based ai.
reddit bumpersticker on the bottom leftSubtle placement.

its not even a wheel barrow, retard

It’s always fucking Fritz, never any other cunt Just this one cucked German.


 Mutts are completely fine with this and worship these people
Fucking soulless devils.


Niggerfaggot
every army has gay vibes tho
that guys pathetically out of shape. I would have bounded up those stairs and vaulted over the railing at the top, and im 
kek

Jokes on you I will never have a wife
I'm always astounded by how, after the first few seconds of being on fire, people seem to calm down a lot. I wonder if it stops being painful once all the nerves have burned. If so, maybe it's not so bad to actually DIE of fire, just to be badly burned and survive.
every, single, day
https://youtu.be/si-kQUXCZyw dislikes on this video get

nothing more could be expected from modern Germ** army desu.
 I studied the blade
nice digits, also what the actual fug reeeeeer
What a day this was.

mislabels
A wheel is not a wheelbarrow. I agree with you. I did not make that claim. You are a homosexual.These are all facts.
We got too cocky mammalbros
Is this the famed  slaps of the SoiJutsu?
LMAO you are racists and you make me fail with your "pol humor" threads.Face it, most negroes will be infinitely more successful than sad virgins. History is wrong, get over it hosers.
you may not like it but this is what peak performance looks like.
The point is that its a stupid invention, because wheelbarrows exist. You are a dumbass. These are facts.
Holy based
thank you based bros, ~ to go.
The Preppers Won
Prepping for what?
The new normal
I dunno, whatever's coming. It's looking more and more like this is the moment the preppers were preparing for.
Been a prepper my whole life, boy scout motto was "Be Prepared".The key to prepping is to do a little at a time. Buy a few extra cans of food when grocery shopping, check the dates and make sure they have a couple of years left. Next time buy a couple of camping/dehydrated meals. Next time buy a decent water purifier.Go to gun shows, or make friends with gun enthusiasts, they are always looking to sell some of their guns to buy their new toy.Buy a book on herbal medicine.Buy a book on survival medicine.Its a state of mind before its a stockpile.
Preppers are flighty faggotsGet fit, get trained, learn a skill. Wars aren't won by hiding
Ammo easy to find if you know where to look. Gotta order it online if it’s legal in your state. I’ve got  rounds of mm FMJ and JHP coming in Monday and you can’t find quality ammo anywhere in my area

Yep. I'm trying to stay ahead of the curve by grabbing an inverter & solar before anyone starts to think about it.Had guns and packed ammo well before pandemic.Packing tons of flour and rice.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdfgKCpIdTwThis video is INSANELY important to understand what is about to occur.Pucker up boi
Can you really defend yourself with a .?
.s have the highest kill per round than any other round in the world. Hollowpoint . LR will kill any man
Can confirm. One of my pistols is a mousegun,  HP expands all the same.Do not scoff at a loaded weapon.
Looks like we are pretty fuckedI guess you should kill yourself
And it's been a waste of time all those years until perhaps very soon. But that's the thing, isn't it? It's always "very soon".
? . hurricane Ike. was without power for  weeks+. never again will i get caught unprepared.
That spoke to me
And it's been a waste of time all those yearsHasn't been for me, hurricane sandy flooded my city and cut my power for weeks and I don't even live near the coast, that shit paid off big time.
. kills more people than any other round every year.. takes the longest for someone to die from, bigger calibers cause catastrophic blood loss quickly.. is the best for shooting nigger/zombie hoards and survival, most people back away and run once bullets start flying.Mobs tend to disperse quickly when the people at the front all go down and shots are being fired.You can carry tons of ammo and it doesn't weigh a lot, its easy to shoot, and you can find it everywhere.
Honestly no. I rotate the food out regularly, and the freeze dried stuff has a  year shelf life.I like guns and shoot regularly so it feeds my hobby.I camp regularly so the water filters come in nice then.Feels good knowing I have extra to fall back on and can protect my family if things turn sour.Prepping should be practical and you should never waste your money on things you wouldn't use anyway.
Careful planning and explosives can get you everything you need post collapse. Keep a level head, and you'll be fine.
, el oh fucking elAmmo supply is totally fucked for the time being.
Can you tell me if these .'s are any good and if they can still be easily found this cheap?https://www.shootingillustrated.com/articles////-budget-priced--rifles-under-/
.s have the highest kill per round because they're cheap and the firearms that use them are cheap. It will kill though.
Solar started having supply issues in early February. I know, I was buying.It is waaaay to late for people to seriously get all kinds of shit.
It's true. Based Jew prepperhttps://youtu.be/syElMXmdjohttps://youtu.be/DUSdVuTaM
I would rather be shot with a . than with a . any day of the week. If you are going to shoot me with a . please make sure it has at least  or higher grain.
. ammo itself is dodgy on supply again. Not as bad as -, but if you are buying you need to be ready to drop like - bucks for a good sized stash of ammo. It's about doubled in price since Feb.
Is pic related any good?
Wars aren't won by hidingThey also aren't won by retards who only have  mags worth of ammo and no mre's
Remington is shit and I own a , just get a / it is the best on that list.
Two or three . hollowpoints to the guts would be a horribly painful and drawn out way to die.
Thanks, anon
Can't go wrong with a /
lol based
it will do the job I guess, a bullet is a bullet. But look up .  or the .  round, you may need to acquire a new rifle that can chamber the round. Larger . round look similar to . ammo just a little smaller but same shape.
ctrl+f winchester wildcatno results
Forgot to add, those rounds will stay inside the victim and fester unless you dig them out which is what cause the real damage.
“Hello fellow preppers”
My point was this : I want the bullets to go through me and not get stuck inside.
FOR YOUhttps://www.shootingillustrated.com/articles////review-winchester-wildcat--lr-rifle/
how bad is it in the states? does it really feel like this is it?
Does anyone think that something is going to go down like shtf type stuff in the fall with the election? im worried for this and am very very unprepared

Its a state of mind before its a stockpile.Based anon.
Does anyone think that something is going to go down like shtf type stuff in the fall with the election?I'm pretty sure those who don't think that's a possibility are a minority at this point.
Buy a few extra cans of food, check the datesjfc, tinned stuff doesn't go off anon.
I try to stick with accessories made by the gun maker. This is a Ruger  round side-by-side mag. It's heavy, but switching twice beats five times.I've been prepping since the th century. Yeah, the . can be lethal. You should shoot yourself with them over time in order to build up tolerance to larger calibers.
I am extremely comfy.
I don't get how people don't take their survival seriously whatsoever. That's modernity for ya. I wasn't even a prepper or militiaman type person growing up I just saw the statistics of the hordes of mongrels in our country, their general behavior, and the hordes still coming in  million per year and told myself the minute I can buy a gun I'm going to arm myself because this shit is not going to end well.Modernity has blinded people so badly they got comfortable forgetting basic things like surviving in a hostile concrete jungle. .LR isn't going to help you though outside of it being cheap ammo with zero recoil. If you want to make some asshole feel pain in a slow death process I guess it works but if you don't have a military grade rifle at this point you're probably fucked. Best start prepping for close defense like a pistol or shotgun.
I thought their motto was always keep your mouth shut unless my cock is near it
what do you think is going to happen in the coming months/ years anon
Feels normal for me but shit could turn at any time
what do you predict
Maybe that was case at the Cub Scout club that you ran...
You've never seen a rusty or swollen old can, m?
Yes. I went to a gun store on saturday and the place was pretty much empty. Usually,hindreds of pistols and rifles would be,in,display cases and hanging on the wall. There were no,more than  firearms,in all. The walls were vBare and only two displays had pistols and  people were waiting in line. I just got my ammo and left.
Feeling pretty comfy if I do say so myself but I could always use more of these
Goddamn right I ran that bitch, now it’s your turn to go down under, oz.
Just ordered a /, faglul stock and x BXs. Reviews showed that rd flipper to be less than reliable.
I don't think anyone can tell you that with any confidence. I'm an autistic nerd whose been around the block and the levels of chaos we're seeing now was very similar to a precognitive dream I had around /. Everyone was wondering what would blow up the world and at the time I struggled to explain what I thought as a teen. It wasn't one thing it was just everything. I brushed it off after Iraq didn't lead to the chaos I saw and low and behold  years later I'm seeing exactly what it was like in my vision. I'd say prep for everything but that wont help so keep it simple and focus on personal security, the home front, and finding out who your local allies and possible enemies might be. Keep OPSEC on lockdown and don't share too many details with anyone.It's anecdotal but the feeling I got back then was that there's no way to actually prepare for it if that's the end result, which I hope it isn't but recent events along with a more recent return to spirituality causing me to remember this again has to be some form of synchronicity.
Been prepping since hurricane katrinafuck niggersfuck janniesfuck kikes
lol nodaily life is "fine"they are setting us up for WWIII with china right now tho
how bad is it in the states?Schlimm hansdoes it really feel like this is it?Feels closer than it has in anyone's living memory that I've encounteredThis is the culmination of the treaty of Versailles that was imposed on us in  in the form of various laws that were passedMost people don't understand how close we have come to shit kicking off in recent historyOnce at bundy ranch, if the feds hadn't backed down boomerwaffen would have kicked it offAnother during Trumps last election, if he lost and contested it could have kicked it off, this time around he's lost the support for any such challenge, maybe subject to changeAt this point any variety of events could set it off, most likely well become an ungovernable population, travel to many cities will become unsafe, the supply chain will break down, and the price of a harem will be safe shelter, a water source, and a box of lightersI envy your countrySüd Tirol ist nicht Italien
True
Kek, what are you doing with your cans when they're even like that?If the can is fine, then the food is fine, and the can will be fine, indefinitely, as long as you don't store it like you're a complete smoothbrain.
Yeah that will probably be a very short war if it would come to that. Maybe that's why bannon created meme china with those soccer playersI wish the US wouldn't be such a wild west. So many places I would like to visit. Stay safe burgers, fuck nigs
I wish the US wouldn't be such a wild west.I don't.That's what makes it fun.
Not a prediction, I know for certain we will have more of what we have now, which is anarcho tyranny, but progressively more amplified as time goes on. There's so many things happening right now that it seems inherently unstable but unless the JIT system breaks at some point, which it very well could, it'll probably be more of the same just more intense.I think if trump wins then expect a major chimpout, if biden wins expect antifa and blm to calm down. But regardless of who wins I expect more lockdowns, more economic devastation and the implicit police state, along with anti white hostility, to continue to steadily become more explicit and draconian towards normies.
I hope you get botulism you filthy Anglo fuck
Pull your pin out then faggot cunt... Go on. Tell me if i need to bring the pepper shaker.
indefinitelyI'll take "what is acid" for $, alex.
So many places I would like to visit.Stay out of our shit hole big cities and you'll be fine. Try a (reputable) bus tour of blue highways, see the old west.
Don’t get a . either get a . AR- or a mm Glock . Even better get both. Then get yourself a fuck ton of ammo and whatever money you have left over use for training.
Prepping is pretty much pointless unless you have a group of like-minded people ready to start a new society from scratch. I think this is one of the reasons (apart from comfort of living) that many people shy away from it. Among the things you mentioned about basic survival the most important aspect that we have forgotten is actually law and order. We've relied on these enormous governments to tell us what's right/wrong and what to do and how to do it etc, that now % of the population could not form a workable society on their own. The key part will be (as you said about yourself) whether people return to organised religion/spirituality en masse. Say what you will about Christianity, it did bring brought order and organised Civilisation to the European peoples
Don’t listen to the other retards. . won’t do shit. People have been shot with . before and didn’t even know they’ve been shot until later when they saw the bullet hole. Only fudds think a . will actually do anything besides piss off whoever you shot.
Then get yourself a fuck ton of ammo at ¢ and ¢ a round, or more, for  and mm, respectively.I'd say something here but I enjoy having access to abundant and affordable ammo so instead I'll just agree.
I wish the US wouldn't be such a wild westI wish it was the wild westIt's more a cross of Weimar Berlin and BrazilSo many places I would like to visit.My  shekelsIf you go to see/do outdoor stuff its still pretty damn awesome and most of the imported pets don't partake in such activitiesPast  years skiing I've seen a total of  negroes and a few rich castizos from various SA countriesHiking never see anyStay safe burgers, fuck nigsProst
most of the imported pets don't partake in such activitiesJews are now kvetching about the outdoors saying it needs to have more niggers amd spics because whites can't have any respite from them.
Any unironic preppers on /pol/? You're probably pretty comfy right now.veryjust waiting for those evictions to start up in the states nowI've got cash stacked up ready to buy a house when the prices come down to reality
If you don't have a gun in the era whereA gigantic cube x the size of earth is on the sunAn unstoppable respiratory virus is spreading globally Packs of feral n words roam the streets looting and assaulting people Locusts are threatening good supply chains Global tensions are at an all time high The you're decades behind in prepping
You should shoot yourself with them over time in order to build up tolerance to larger calibers.You're a Dipshit
plebbit spacingAre you retarded? How can you take that seriously, it's clearly a joke. Go be an SJW on plebbit faggot
I understand it's a very popular caliber among pro hitmen because it's relatively discreet.
We are having the last laugh. Enjoy your fake virus and fake E.T phone home kiddie crap. Also be sure to go through your dogmatic ritual of voting in your puppet elections brought to you by Tel Aviv that make no difference either way.
Everyone I know irl is scared, you can feel it in the air sometimes
The bull
A gigantic cube x the size of earth is on the sunTHE BORG
how bad is it in the states? does it really feel like this is it?WWor dystopian hellhole.

It is pretty comfy to be somewhat prepared. Too bad I am moving from my family farm to a major Finnish city for university studies. Now I need to prepare an all season quick run bag suitable for a hundred kilometer hike back home.
I got a Glock  mm. Is there a huge difference between the Glock  and ?
Forget the prepping. What really amazes me is that Americans don't save up. No matter how much they make, they just spend more on useless stuff, take out a bunch of loans. And then even the slighttest crisis hits and you are caught with your pants down, begging the government to bail you out.
OP: Thread Themehttps://youtu.be/GdOhYroLN
Packs of feral n words roam the streets looting and assaulting peoplen wordsWhere do you think you are, nigger-sucker? Go back. We don't want you.
If you have to ask, then you are the first to die.
I'm losing my mind, my family doesn't want to do anything to prepare.My dad and brother watched baseball and played video games all afternoon. If I suggest we discuss plans they will accuse me of being paranoid and tell me to fuck off.
literally stocked up years ago and people said I was crazy
This, still continuing to get stuff while I can though
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgoXuWJcnhpjf is the shit
there is enough time for you and yes i know that this is a shill post

I have transcended the cooming. I'm a space coomer now. All this years of coo... prepping.I can handle everything the world throw at me and coom on it. Antifas, commies, niggers, muslims, will all drown in my cum.For Slaanesh !
Get a good bike bro and you can make that hike in a few hours. Id recomend a  inch mountainbike for all weathers
Death by BBC
t.retard from  that stumbled on a time machine
Waiting for another “shot heard around the world” kinda situation. If antifa and feds clash and bullets fly then yeah expect all hell to break loose
what was the vision?
NOT IF YOU SHOOT YOURSELF WITH SMALLER CALIBERS FIRST, I WORKED MY WAY UP FROM BB'S NOW I CAN TAKE A FULL MM TO THE CHEST EASY
Its honestly not too late to start. We haven't even gone full SHTF yet.While we still have easily accessible internet, lurk /k/ AND /t/ read up on the prep threads they have.
Pic related in all stores in my state and I'm in the middle of the fucking midwestI don't think its gonna go full SHTF honestly, but I do think hard times are ahead
oh no not the prego(tm) pasta sauce! The end times are nigh
Right wing world news
Bump
Final bump
honestly just use /pol/ and have to sift through propaganda and straight bullshit
https://www.theonion.com/They aren't afraid to get dirty
nope, there's a reason you retards are banned off of all major platforms and are forced into chinese cartoon imageboards hint: it's because you're wrong about literally everything
Shut it. Very simp cajun. That's your ID. That's YOU.
ITT: We summon KEK to destroy the Three Gorges Dam
Shadilay
I dunno anon, thats a lot of people dead. I think Kek isn't down for organized murder, Kek is more about chaos.
The dragons belly will SQUART waterOEGAMAMON!!!
 gorillion litres
ITT: We summon KEK to destroy the Great Satan instead
Dam will fail,  billion chinkos become floating logs
Xi and the CCP have lost the mandate of heaven.
why won't you break
check THIS out guys
ur gay
ur mom
mass murder isn't chaos
Oh fugg....CHECKED
stfu psycho demon worshiperI don’t like Chink bugmen but I don’t want them all to die
 million chinks will perish.
I heard by neighbours having sex last night. Mainland China is rightful Taiwan clay tho.
TAKE MY ENERGY
I will do you this one kindness. I will destroy the dam. All you must do is praise Kek
So close. He's near.
He has spoken. Their time is running low
No its literally not, its planned evil. You cannot have a plan, and have chaos.
dubbbbs and it gets reinforced and never fails
praise Kek
triple numbers for the dam staying up
Just embarrass China is all I ask, they're pretty uppity lately
Is it a God Dam?
PRAISE
so shall it be written, so shall it be DONE
Dam will break
OH NO NO NO TRY TO TOP THIS WESTOIDS
the chaos comes afterwards, as in, what happens next
Fucking do it
Glorious nation of china saved
based
How?
O shid
Bring forth the great happening, oh KEK!
To hell with you!
Why...?
rolling
Wasted trips
reducing the number of world's most populous race that's also sociopathic and genocidal is evil
western pigs can't get quadspathetic
He's rigth. Kill whoever you want then, KEK.
Checked
Get so the dam stays
delet this
just get quads bruh
Kek please save the chinks the only ones who aren't afraid of kikes and niggers
It's just water they'll be fine
Wait why do you guys want the dam to break? On top of tens of millions being displaced/killed it'd cause a colossal drop in China's manufacturing output and probably cause Covid to kick back up amongst the refugees from the flooding while they're being rehomed and hygiene/social distancing is weakened.Like you'd cause another global recession from the knock on effects as well as risk Covid- blowing up out of there throughout Eurasia again, on top of all the dead civilians.
Fuck you spain, it's going down!
Double Checked
by the power of isis, let the waters free.
We need sett up underwater torpedo from far away up the steam under water and hit that dam ... So aggression from chine is managed ? Shut a fuck up chinks or we wash you away...lol ... =O) Function of the any dam in the world is social control https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whETlO-DaDk
How do you justify making the conscious choice to be religious?
You don't choose. You're indoctrinated.
Many people on /pol/ weren't raised religious and made a conscious choice to convert in an adulthood to be more "trad" or "redpilled"
Just ask a diety for help when you feel like your health is poor/feeling tired or you need help with something
I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.C.S. Lewis
Many on an edgy and contearian anonymous meme-sharing board versus most people in the world.
Figure I'll never really know the truth till I finally kick the bucket, so I just try and pray a few times a week to once a night. Doesn't take that much time out of my life and it covers my ass in the event that there is a god of some kind.Would like to get to mass sometime as well, work schedule permitting.As for the Bible, it makes for some good life advice and moral guidance but I don't put all of my heart and soul into adhering to every principle written down by some ancient goat herders who ALL claimed to talk to God. There's bound to be bullshit in there. I just try and be a decent person, man. Not like I'll know what God REALLY wanted me to do for absolute sure until I meet him.There, I bit your shitty b. Happy?
retards and geniuses belive in GodI guess OP is your average NPC
How does that explain the existence of a Christian god specifically? You've said that the beauty of creation makes it obvious that there was a creator...How do you then determine that this creation was the Christian god and not the Muslim god? Or the Hindu god?What data do you have?Go ahead. I'll wait.
This is a non answer.You basically just said "yeah I'm not sure if god exists, so I just vaguely sort of pray sometimes and kind of imagine he exists in an abstract way"I don't know why you thought what you said here had any weight to it whatsoever
How do you justify making the conscious choice to be religious?You pick the right path, faggot .
Not an argument, faggot.All you've said is that you decide your "beliefs" based on pure emotion and wishful thinking. Like a woman.
humans do not posses absolute knowledge (if such a thing even exists)you don't know what you don't knowa tribe in the amazon for example might have no / conflicting proof about microwaves existing, but that doesn't mean microwaves don't existas such we can only make statements with a probability between ~. and ~.%a certain degree of faith / trust / hope is always requirednow if we were to assume all religions were equally probable, then the best religion to follow is the one that gives us the best reward, threatens with the biggest punishment and is the easiest to follow. tho it would be so easy we'd already be following it so we're goodlastly if we assume there is a difference in the probability, how do you measure it. military success? wealth? amount of followers? age?let's say you were stranded on an island, and there were two tribes. one tribe kills little girls and eats them, the other tribe is good and caring, let's say the cannibals are winning wars against the good people, does that mean god is on their side and they are more probable?you could say instead that god has given us an internal compass to find him, but is it also not the case that different people are drawn to different things.do you believe in godi believe there is a possibility
prove he doesnt exist first. oh wait, you can't
I'm an atheistic gnostic, where do I come in?% LARP probability.
There has never been a single shred of evidence in human history that suggests any religious notion of a monotheistic God existsdefine evidence the bible is a record of human history, you just choose not to believe it and claim to know for certain not only that a monotheistic god existsif you "know for certain" then you have no faith. this is not what religion teaches.Christians, what inside information do you have about the afterlife that Muslims don't?christians trust that jesus rose from the dead, thus confirming that humans can do so also according to muslims, jesus did not die and thus did not get resurrected (quran :-)
There has never been a single shred of evidenceThe concept exists und thus a form of "monotheistic god" dimension exists, but is it like an abrahamic god? Fucckkkkk noooo hahaha.
I justify my conscious choice not to be a mental slave to merchants
what do you want to measure by? land area? wealth? military might? technological advances? peaceful societies? morality? works of charity? preaching / conversion rates? i think you'll find that by near every conceivable metric the christians show the biggest signs of being blessed also you have to keep in mind muhammad was a warlord, the people who followed him wanted plunder and sex slaves, meanwhile the disciples of jesus were put to death in terrible ways (fed alive to lions, beheaded upside down, flogged till their bones were showing, etc.) and all because they refused to reject that jesus was god, surely a scammer would have given up at the first tooth pulled
Yes it is, faggot.
way i see it he's saying that even if god didn't exist he would function better as an individual if he acted as tho he existed meaning that there is always someone watching you, testing you, judging you, helping you, caring about you, and so on and yes you might say "but why christianity" and again you have to see what other religions teach, muhammadans for example teach pedophilia (bukhari : [sahih], quran :) and will kill you if you reject it, among many other deprived things
Imagine how many people are not smart enough to see through the scam of religion, paranormal bullshit and pseudoscience. And then realize that you live in a world where logic and reason are a rare trait. Maybe less than one percent of the population is able to not be fooled.
Observe the desperate coping of a high estrogen, Jew worshipping mind
no material evidence for something non-materialno shit. it's impossible to fully understand something you're inside of
you don't know what you don't knowthere are uncontacted tribes in the amazon for example that don't know microwaves exist, but that doesn't stop microwaves from existinghuman knowledge covers a limited areabecause we lack ultimate* knowledge we can never say we know something with absolute certaintyit can only be a probability, from (aprox) , to ,%, but again ultimately what we believe is irrelevant to the truththere is the question of how do we determine the probability, and is a low-impact high probability better to take into account than a high-impact low probabilityas to the core of your questionCan a supernatural being existsure, aliens, ghosts, and all sorts of other "supernatural" (that is to say, beyond human comprehension, today or just in general) could easily existanything "supernatural" still existed before being "discovered", once it was, it no longer was considered supernatural, that doesn't mean it didn't exist before then thobtw here is your "non-pseudo science" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuKwzMEawI
This is an invalid argument because you start from the false position that one religion must be chosen as "the least bad"This is not the case. If we are presented with many unprovable religious claims, we don't have to select one as being "the least incorrect seeming". We can, and should, outright reject all of the religions because they don't have logic and evidence to back them up
How do you justify making the conscious choice to be religious?It is a moral choice.
I'm not claiming to know affirmatively that god doesn't exist, it is religious people who claim to know affirmatively that he does, which is false and invalid Dogshit argument. All historical groups had some form of religion, and in all eras, there were groups who had successful societies and were successful in war, even before Christianity For example, the romans were very successful and thrived, does this prove the existence of pagan gods?What about the gods of Egyptian thriving Egyptian societies?Before you try to argue "and where are those societies now?" I would ask you the same thing about Christian European society and the current state of the white race By your logic, it is Islam who is "winning" right now, so therefore their religion is the one that is currently correct
No, that wasn't the questionI'm asking you how it is that you are able to know and state affirmatively that this "non material" being even exists at all in the first placeIf you can't answer that, just shut up. Stop trying to act like you have a secret answer hidden up your sleeve. You don't. You don't know what you believe
outright reject all of the religionsdefine a religion we're talking about the truth here, both in terms of what is, and what we would defend it to be (for example if the muslim god was the real one, do i really want to be on his good side? i'd say not, so i would still reject him to his face even if it means i burn in hellfire)don't have logic or evidence but we have both. for example if you keep going back into creation, you would have to arrive at an un-created creator and there have been miracles reported (here's some examples https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrqoCDzUWo) you just reject tem what would be evidence for you? if jesus appeared in front of you right now would you believe? why? could it not be an alien with high technology? could it not be you're hallucinating or dreaming / sleeping or gone crazy? could it not be just a prank by someone? seems to me the one rejecting evidence and logic here is you my friend
That's not an argument, low IQ faggot.Look, I can make empty statements backed up by no argument too: "God doesn't exist and you are a faggot"There you go. According to your logic, that's the truth now, simply because I said it is
it is religious people who claim to know affirmatively that he doesfalse, religion is based on faith everything else can only support that faith, but the bedrock still doesn't change romans were very successful and thrived, does this prove the existence of pagan godsromans all converted to christianity, clearly whatever the romans were worshiping was not as strong as the one true god  I would ask you the same thing about Christian European society and the current state of the white racerace has nothing to do with this, as for the christian europeans i don't know what you're referring to the orthodox for example have had to deal with huns, mongols, arabs, turks, commies, and are dealing with lust filled deviants today islam is "winning" right now how so, christianity has x the number of believers, and while muslim birth rates are ~ per woman, african christians are having ~ per woman. muslims are too busy killing each other, israel alone could nuke them all and be done with them
All you are saying here is that nothing can be knowable. Even if I saw Jesus, I would not be able to verify whether or not it is an illusion. I agree with thisThis applies to everything in my life. I accept that reality could be a simulation and all my memories could be fake and I could be a Replicant like in Blade Runner.It is religious people who are claiming to know somehing is true for certain, not me.So you see, your argument actually refutes your own position, not mine.
If you need proof. You'll never find it. That's why it's called faith. Try not being an asshole for  minutes and talk to God. Sometimes he answers. All the best to you.
I accept that reality could be a simulation and all my memories could be fake and I could be a Replicant like in Blade Runner.and this isn't a religion becaauuse?It is religious people who are claiming to know somehing is true for certain, not me.false, read above So you see, your argument actually refutes your own position, not mine.was your position not that we should only believe what we can prove with logic and evidence? you yourself just said you can't prove anything
No. Faith is the believe that somehing is absolutely true, without any proof or evidence. Faith is NOT saying "maybe it's true, and I like to think so" with an admission that you might be wrong. You're getting desperate now because you thought you had a good point and your ego was wounded when I refuted it easily and completely Again, you've completely arbitrarily isolated one historical case of one religious group defeating another and claiming that it's proof of their god's existence. By this logic, historical instances of Hindus defeating Muslims in battle, or the reverse, prove either those religions to be true at any given timeThis argument has failed, I am not going to waste my time refuting it againYou can try to make it about race, but the reality is the concept of "Christian Europe" has been completely erased, proving that Christians are not the chosen people as you claim. You can't refute this by arbitrary finding isolated examples where Christianity is thriving within a vacuum
NPC or schizo? We'll never know. Gonna post some demiurge shit.

Observe God Christ and the Holy Spirit crushing OP the leftarded jew roach.
I know and love my Jesus. He has made Himself known to me so many times in my life. He is my savior and nothing will ever change that. I praise His holy name!
Based poster.
If God doesn't order you'll life, somebody else will. With religion you can choose your master, unlike atheists who are ruled by passions they don't understand.
It's not a religion because I act in accordance with evidence that suggests to me that I'm a human being living on earth. I'm open to accepting that I'm wrong about this if at any time I am presented with contradictory evidence Religious people do not say "I believe my God is real because the evidence suggests it, and I'm open to the idea that my God does not exist". They instead say "I believe my god exists based on  evidence whatsoever, and I don't believe there's any possibility that I'm wrong"There's the difference. Got it? You lost. You're arguing in bad faith, you have no genuine will to truth in this conversation, and you know it.You emotionally WANT god to exist, and that is why you are arguing for it. There is no other reason whatsoever. Please have the courage and dignity to stop pretending otherwise.
I piss in the face of your weak Jew Christ
I'm not stating opinion. It is a fact that people make a choice to derive their morality from a religious tradition or to go it alone in some fashion without it. Choosing to be religious is a moral choice. but...but...there's no evidence for the religion!Yes, that's right. People make a rational choice to believe in something that is seemingly irrational, something that requires faith/belief, rather than simply the mere acknowledgment of facts.so it is choosing to engage in a delusion?Yes. That is the point. Congratulations: you now understand what Religion is. It is a discipline a person chooses to engage in, like martial arts, and faith is a key part of the discipline. The more interesting questions you should concern yourself with are:are there some advantages to choosing to believe?are them some things that the purely rational approach can't achieve that a faith-based "irrational" approach might achieve? (both for individuals and societies) are there downsides to a purely rational, evidence-based approach?Good luck exploring those questions.
Faith is the believe that somehing is absolutely truefaith is closer to "trust" than it is to "know" both are a form of "belief". if you truly had no sources you would be having "hope" and trust is stronger than that. as for knowledge you already accepted it's not possible for us to possess it Again, you've completely arbitrarily isolated one historical case of one religious group defeating another and claiming that it's proof of their god's existenceand i asked you what would it take to convince you You can't refute this by arbitrary finding isolated examples where Christianity is thriving within a vacuumwhy not. you can all yourself a christiand and yet live like a muslim, would you get god's blessing? how would that make any sense, clearly if you have be christian in practice, not to just hear the word of god but to obey it

How do you make a conscious decision to be such a mentally weak, truth-fearing cowardProjection on your part. You're ignoring the depth of thought and experience that can lead a person to a religion. Guenon converted to Islam, for example. Not that you'd know anything about free human behavior, though.  You've been indoctrinated into the secular labor-grid.
cus they fear from death.god is just a joke for them they are in it cus they are weak bitches whom need to believe that there is a place after death
Whats the difference between you thinking you have a relationship between an external deity and someone with an imaginary friend

Jesus will prove Himself to everyone. Every knee will bow, and every tongue confess, that Jesus Christ is Lord.
contradictory evidencesuch as? why would you believe those evidence that we're living in a simulation, but you will not believe evidence about god you have no definition of what evidence means You emotionally WANT god to existcould say the same for you, you want him to not exist either way, even IF what were true, what is so wrong about it? if you living in a totalitarian dictatorship but "based on emotion" wanted to live in a democracy instead, would you not attempt to peach democracy and bring it about, or are you saying you would just "live with the evidence" you're in a dictatorship and you're fucked btwreligious people do this religious people do that would it not be better to ask the religious people themselves? if i am counted as religious yet you claim i hold beliefs which i don't, isn't that just slander men before you did much worse and yet he still won
Trust the plan goyim gentileHow long have christfags been duped the by skyjew? the bible implied he would be back  years ago
be non-believer get shot"ohh, too bad there's no afterlife, i guess i'm gonna not exist now" THAT is manliness? and a person who would say a prayer is a bitch? you just gave up on life my friend, you had the chance to have hope, to resist and you rejected it, that's exactly what being a cuck is all about
muh  billions christcucksempty churchesYou are just coping my gypsy
How do you justify to reject the past and the history and the high times of your own civilization?Jeuss said: If you are my disciple, you will know the truth and the truth shall set you free.Maybe you are the truth-fearing coward and that is why you want to be in total charge and control and want to be your own god, rather than accepting that you are not the most high. (autohority)Hey belief is for free. Faith doesn't cost a thing.That is what Jesus and the bible teaches.Its the exit out of this misery.
who are ruled by passions they don't understand.WDHMBT?
You‘re not as smart as you think you are, Christianity has  years of philosophical tradition where Theologians answered your questions in numerous way,  years if we include the Greek philosophers such as Heraclitus or Socrates.Read the Church fathers instead of asking for material evidence for someone that is immaterial.
One is an anthromorphic cope the other one is the essence of life itself.Lmao mask off
You know that this is basically what the Kabbalah teaches and that -the Kabbalolah- is where all your freemason friends took their crap from?THIS is a very accurate abstraction of what jews do believe. Well the thought behind it to a certain extend.Their one maingod, is a multiple split personality shizo.
"But you, when you pray, go into your room, and when you have shut your door, pray to your Father who is in the secret place; and your Father who sees in secret will reward you"- matthew :meanwhile https://www.cnet.com/news/fatwa-forbids-muslims-from-traveling-to-mars/
Their one maingod, is a multiple split personality shizo.If you think that's what gnosis is I don't really now how to comment on it.
One is an anthromorphic cope the other one is the essence of life itself.How do you tell one apart from the other?
https://www.cnet.com/news/fatwa-forbids-muslims-from-traveling-to-mars/Its amazing how even hundreds of years after Muhammad you can see that its truly a faith by warlords and bedouins cultivated in the unforgiving deserts of Arabia.
i think be definition you know an imaginary friend is imaginary. it's in the name even if you did think for whatever reason it is not imaginary, ok then what is it, is it a ghost, is it a demon, is it a godwell if you think it's a god, then that's your religion, and now you compare with other religions on multiple levels to see if your belief holds up, but that's outside of the scope of this question
Not an argument.I asked you how it is you know that your god exists. If you can't answer that, then just say nothing.
 parts to life logic, emotion and intuition or mind body and spirit. Your arguement completely ignores the last  in favor of a factual viewpoint. You'll never understand until you can bridge the gap between all .
Its simple one is the Logos, necessary for existence the other one is not.Here are some videos that put in better words that i can:https://youtu.be/YrXjmHdAtghttps://youtu.be/ZpgAmTxFw
Logic / problem solving is not the only state of mind. It is easy to believe so since our current society is almost only based on consumerism, short constant dopamine spikes and ego (and problem solving or logic = enhanced production). You need to look further back in history, or at other cultures, to understand where spirituality comes from, and why people choose it.
Going around in circles.Christians claim to know something for sure, whereas I do not. Either refute that point or stop talking.Stop fence sitting like a coward. You're not an "unbiased third party agnostic". You're a Christian. You're embarrassed to commit to being a Christian in public because deep down you know it's a false, embarrassing belief system. You are not just "playing devils advocate", these are your own emotion based, christcuck beliefs
I believe there is more reason to believe in the existence of God than there is to reject it.Apologetics exists for a reason.I was raised without religion but didn't convert for either of those reasons. I joined because I believe it is true.
Savage.
refute that pointbut i have god is all knowing, humans are notchristians do not claim to be god / all knowing they trust / have faith in christ
So all those other Non christian religions that claim to have a direct  to  relationships with their external deity they are just play pretend delusional then?
No you get pissed on the face by His followers, dirty kike ;^}Kek , it's satan
Most people believe in some form of god because )The human brain has evolved to be predisposed towards deistic belief (as in seeing a conscious mind behind the natural world))They have been indoctrinated to believe in some kind of religion since childhood. There is really nothing more to that.Another theory is that religious belief is a way of coping with stress for "weak" people. If you believe that there is an all powerful god that loves you you can find meaning even kf your life is miserable. This might explain for example atheists having higher t levelshttps://www.mirror.co.uk/science/men-high-testosterone-levels-less-higher IQshttps://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/athiests-religious-people-intelligence-smarter-study-imperial-college-london-a.htmlbeing less afraid of deathhttps://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/./X..?journalCode=rrbband having better phisical health, mental health and energy levelshttps://www.researchgate.net/publication/_Secularity_religiosity_and_health_Physical_and_mental_health_differences_between_atheists_agnostics_and_nonaffiliated_theists_compared_to_religiously_affiliated_individualsPeople with those characteristics (high IQ, good health, high SES) are subjected to less hardship/frustration therefore they have less of a need to believe in a deity.Tl;dr: religion is for weak people.
according to christianity adam and eve were the first humans in creation, and they were with god, later their children populated the earth it's only natural that there would be some of the truth left over in all human cultures to ever exist if you want to argue about stats as evidence (such as population, etc), i don't think the other religions fare vert well at all if you want to argue about logic, i don't even see the other religions attempting it, hence why for example south korea is something like % christian already
Tl;dr: religion is for weak people.Basically this, organized religion is a LARP for social benefit.

Last pic should say dead niggers but the point is the same
No evidence for adam and eve or the garden of eden thoughNo evidence for the global flood either or the Exodus story
cites Seneca the Younger, a devout StoicLmao the irony in your post
a LARP for social benefit.that's not exactly a criticism of it.
this is why, OP. Fear, fear of the absurdity of eternal damnation
Glorious day when you burgers n wetbacks burn for your sins
No, but it implies that it's not something you have to actively participate in.
Bow before the Holy Nigger, Patron Saint of Fentanyl Overdoses.
I feel like this is most religious folks deep down. That plus they would descend into nihilism should they realize that there is no god.
Avoid Judaism, Christianity and Islam. They fuck your mind up and other make the choises.
No, but it implies that it's not something you have to actively participate in.Not if you don't want to, no.
do you have proof that your greatgreatgreatgreat grandfather was called john? as i said "a tribe in the amazon for example might have no / conflicting proof about microwaves existing, but that doesn't mean microwaves don't exist"the belief is not based on evidence if you want to argue that it should be answer this either way all those things you mentioned have been argued to have evidence by many people, i'm sure you could find some videos or articles or something on it. you just prefer to trust "experts" who reject the evidence as not being good enough for them
How do you justify the conscious decision not to kill yourself?
Bits of truths can be found here and there through the left over divine spark of us.Some managed through sheer reason alone to come close to the truth of our existence, for example Heraclitus one of the first to really argument against the Polytheistic gods or Xenophanes.In most cases its not even pretend but genuine faith, but in someone thats not fulfilling and true.The funny thing that the Christian God was never seen as a person sitting in the sky, thats such a pagan conception of God lmaoThat dude was an utter rotten Hedonist who bore his sin with pride an just picked Christianity as a scapegoat you see it all the time.commit sin that feels good but makes you feel guiltyAbandon moral framework that makes you feel guiltyBecome degenerate Hedonist
I didn't ask where spirituality comes fromI challenged religious people to prove that their beliefs are validSaying "there are lots of historical reasons why people choose to believe that +=" does not make it a true statement that +=
but that doesn't mean microwaves don't exist"the belief is not based on evidenceFalse equivalency
the post
Why wont you?You have an afterlife awaiting you right?
Thats not what I askedNon christian religions that claim to have a direct  to  relationships with their external deity they are just play pretend delusional then?
Ironically, part of why I became a Christian is because anti-Christian arguments are weak.
Delusional? I dont know if thats the right term, i think misguided is better. But i guess you call the people that who are overtly zealous like Islamists.
Which ones
I've actually encountered a few people who have done the same. Cringe
no
You just dont want to admit that Religion is Santa claus for adults
CringeNot an argument
what's wrong with being moral
This
Neither is your feelings. Posting MM is cringe tho.
anime reaction posterWhy am I not surprised you are a complete faggot
problem is you can barley call it a life its not life its being a slave i have to pray  times a day which one of them has to be done in am i have to not eat anything or drink anything for a looooong time i have to dedicate my life to never talk to woman and my parents should pick my bride i have to learn arabic language cus I MUST READ QURAN i have to literally go out and die in the name of GOD i can marry a  years old as my second wife, raping her all day long while my first wife is watching me i don't give a fuck about her anymore i can't eat some kind of food and drink some kind of things cus god said its unhealthy western people are eating pork and drink beer they seems pretty well. i have to stone a human being to the death just cus they are attracted to same sex. i have to believe some illogical shit people will make fun of me as im a child rapist and goat fuckeri have to do all of this so finally i can go to heavenswhat christians does ? go to church every sunday. but catholicsand then they will go to heaven.how is this even fair ?maybe they have to do more than that but according to islam everyone will be judge by their own belief system so basically a chink will go to heaven by doing absolute nothingbeing muslim is like being a fucking slave to something that you don't even know exists or not
So you’re just an idiot then. Got it.Neither is your feelings.And neither is your faith. Posting MM is cringe tho.Your dick is cringe ngl.
Satanists believe all three Abrahamic religions are Jewish sorcery:www.satanisgod.org
Christianity isn't moralDUDE JUST KILL THIS PERSON FOR WORKING ON THE SABBATH LMAO
That depends on the set of morals. I think usury should be a capital crime, do you?
My faith isn't, no, but the arguments that support it give reason to.Your dick is cringeGood.
you're a poopoo mcdoodoo facehow will i ever recover?
Also, you wanna know God? Who do you think is doing the breathing/typing? You? Really? Do you know how to do that? Are you doing it, or are you just experiencing it being done, for you?God's as close as your next breath because he's going to breathe it for you.It's a "He" because it's always penetrating you (the Awareness Function) with information.
but the arguments that support it give reason to.All evidence points to there being no god. Sorry bud, you believe a lie.
Incorrect. Thanks for playing.
Yeah except its not. You are not making yourself look smart when you reject hundreds of years of philosophy and thought without even interacting or addressing it.Plus funny how you bring Santa Claus up, a literal Christian bishop and Saint.Like i said you have literally no clue what Christians believe
Seriously, why would anyone join the military?
probably family reasons, wanting to kill people legally, or wanting that pension
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life overHow many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?
im planning on joining this year, so I can do private contracting. my friend does and hes making bank, like $ a day when hes deployed.
Combat roles are competitive as fuck. Right now is a great time to join.
Join the military so that you can end up homeless and living illegally in a garage five years later while your govt fills the country with those you spent your time trying to kill.
doesn't see any proslists a couple pros
Honor.A thing OP knows nothing about because he is a communist faggot.
Thank me for my service
How many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?Can't imagine there's too many nowadays.
dying for israelhonorPick one.
Some of us really need to kill people
When you love and believe in your country and want to defend it from the evil that looks to destroy it
Already in fighting shape. By the time he catches the next IED he will finally be ready to serve the machine spirit indefinitely, along with Israel.
If you're getting blown up or having PTSD you're probably a dumbass and not going anywhere in life anyway. In this case, you're better off taking the risk to obtain the pros you listed. Otherwise score a + on your ASVAB(not difficult) and join the AF or Coast Guard. It'd probably do you good since you sound like a total pussy
inb "money for school" or "free healthcare for life." our veterans litetally get none of those things unless they go to uni, which means they sign a longer contract, in fact our veterans get fuck all after they leave, and the government is wondering why so many kill themselves. I don't even wear my medals any more or mention that I deployed to anyone.you do get to do some fun things in the military, it opens you to hobbies you never would've looked at, and meet people you form strong bonds with over shared experiences. You will never connect with a civilian as much as the people you're in the military with, plus it can put your head on right quicker than if you try to figure shit out on tour own.
I have autism. The rules and order are amazing.
GI bill. Serve for a couple of years then go to Japan to learn Japanese and the government will pay for your college, housing, and food.
Not everyone in the military is B infantry... many do jobs that don’t get them close to combat. Literal retards are who they stick in B. If you are smart, and don’t volunteer for b.. you will get some other job.
During peacetime its decent b/c of the compensation and relatively low risk.During wartime it's more for existential reasons. If nobody fights the country dies. Its out of a moral sense of duty to protect ones integrity.If China declared war on the US with the idea of annexing it, would you be okay with becoming Chinese or at that point would you rather die fighting?
Two shitty pros along with two extreme cons.
In many cases its misdirected energy. Like I get that young men need to prove themselves and chase something, its natural. But voluntarily running the establishments/Israels errands is wrong (unless you truly are defending your country, which the US is not).Other times its lack of choice. Can't blame someone for wanting to eat, but imo you are obliged to get out as soon as you can.
It's really mostly about the benefits, that's literally the only reason why people join. They do it to escape homelessness/starvation or because of no opportunities to make money.
literal retard scored so high on ASVAB only a handful of jobs weren't availablejoined Infantry because my love for the God of WarNo regrets.
When you join the Army you get to choose your M.O.S which essentially means if you're not trying to see combat you can decide to be a pencil pusher or mechanic or something. And for the first few months when you're in training you essentially get paid to learn skills that would cost k to learn anywhere else. Put up with basic training to be an accountant on some military base in an ally nation like japan for free college, healthcare for life etc. I used to be very anti military but now as job and education prospects are all but evaporated for white males, the military is one of the last havens for white people to make an unpozzed living
buys a shitload of gear for "the boogaloo"has an entire armory of gunstalks about killing communists in the streetsmocks anyone who bothers to try and get any kind of experience in the military for these thingsGod i hate normalfaggots
This. Really enjoyed how structured and planned everything was.
When you are farmer picking up your gun to defend your country against invaders. Sure. Like the finns did.The offensive wars that the US/Israel fight in pursuit of political objectives/resources is a different story. No honor in being a mercenary. I mean its a job but has nothing to do with that flagwaving freedom bullshit you see on Netflix.
If China declares war on us it would be because of idiotic policy or actions by the president. I'm not gonna die because some dumb asses voted in an imbecile who antagonizes the world into attacked the united states.
benefitsget to actually shoot and take apart a Full auto M or Mfree flight trainingtfw I kind of want an adventure and war buddiesI ain't joining till I finish college
join the AF or Coast Guard
It depends on your job. You can easily get a job where you never see a battlefield, if you're smarter.
What else is there to do?
to have access to material and able bodies for a Putsch?
the true purpose to joining the military is to get gibs and gaining cognitive dissonance knowing that you overthrew govts of the first christian nations on earth for wahabi puppet govts.
PTSD isn't that bad. I got do a lot of cool shit and see a lot of action. It was like being in a movie.
lol why do burgers put retarded people in the military. Meat shield?
CHIVALRYTHE WARRIOR CODE. Is the notion of these traits really gone? THAT IS THE REASON WHY YOU DUMBFUCKS. It's a mentality that many simply do not possess.It is a code of honor, bravery, integrity, kindness and a sense of duty.
Get paid to blow up brown people and fuck brown hookersGet a free education out of it while Libcucks are going into debt to get theirs.Get a bunch of benefits when you leave and get a pension. Sounds pretty based. My mothers side of the family are mostly military men and they have done pretty well.
go to Japan to learn JapaneseOh wow...sign me up. How else would I ever be able to learn to speak Japanese...
Educate yourself. And no that does not mean being a soft nerd, if you are scared that your manlihood will be challenged.
Jew rats serve  years boot military in Israel then serve Mossad until  years old in a host countries, where they was born. like in cocos-nest. its like X bigger the CIA Jew rats have infiltrated public office mas media bookkeeping office turned in to Bank where they steel money with paper trade excuse purge Jews lie and usury, if you just could keep ti the truth by yourself no merchant ever fool you. Would you take advantage of some one who weaker then you ? That's why Jew rats work in the gang play both sides.
https://skribbl.io/?dBwOyuDJjyjoin
As a nationalist and a populist I really, really feel the need to become a soldier.But war is just a business for Schlomo so that immediately turns me off. Dying in an actual culture war, fighting for a national socialist country, well, that would be favorable to surviving a schlomo gets all the money war.
Remember all those people that died for their country?AHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAH!!
Dude our military is owned by international globohomo.
Free education, I don't have to go out and find a job, I might get shot. All pros to me
why would anyone join the military?There are still a lot of sexual confused people out there right now which have always been the types that sign up to be shouted at by other sexually confused people.
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over.that happens mainly to the infantry.Infantry is like % of the Army.If someone would join the Airforce/Navy these problems dont occur.One could also join the part of the Army that is in the rear.The military in western countries is only good for gibs and training and its the easiest way to get them.Even as a reservist its pretty comfy and relativly well paid.
I've heard that excuse before. You would literally make more money pumping gas, or even more going off to go work at a farm.
Just got out, talk about a cesspool of circle-jerking and degeneracy.Minorities normally favor other minorties for evals, women sleep with their supervisors to get better evals and avoid doing legitimate work, trainings are catered towards 'acceptance' and 'diversity'.Unless you want years of experience in a job with a clearance of some sort, don't even bother.
The only con i see, is to support a degenerate society full of lefties back home.
it aint so bad tbhfamalam
Exactly. I don't see how one does not ask the pretty basic question of WHAT are we fighting for, before becoming a golem for establishment
How else would I ever be able to learn to speak Japanese...He doesn't want a several year long vacation to practically any country worth visiting and paid for by the government
In all legitimacy, I've been considering looking into joining the US Space Force. Although I don't know how much I could handle something like Boot Camp.
Learning how to kill people.
Better yet, they don't like people asking questions period. Which just makes people really have no desire to actually perform well when they don't know why they're doing it in the first place.The first thing my officer told me was "Hey look, I know you went to college and you're used to thinking.... well, I need you to not think cause that's my job now and I need you to do what I ask because that's what you're role is an enlisted. I don't want any arguments or anything"Real inspiring.
This niggas never been poor or had his back to a wall. Those are excuses and good enough cause I wouldn't of seen a college classroom otherwise. No work around here, no money to escape, no future. I disagree with the only way being out of shit like this being a fucking hired bullet sponge and apparently, a constitution ripper now too.
You should ask those questions to yourself before you enlist though. I get that a soldier has to do what he's told when he is there, otherwise the organisation doesn't work.
It's not the same joining as a simple soldier than studying to be an officer
yes. The military industrial complex wants warfare. yes. our leaders have led the military into stupid ass wars where men died for the joos.Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa. You should thank them and join the fight.t
work hours a day  days a week making minimum wage in some major city barely making ends meet , barely able to provide for familyvshave virtually everything paid for me , family free to live on base and children go to on base school, work  days a week(varies by mos/rate) stand a duty day once in a blue moon and party in respective cities I get stationed or ported in I mean just don't join the marines or army if you are so scared of dying via stereotypical means, they are called "mission essential" for a reason
military is obligatory for joining policepolice is ultimately privileged in your third world countryFor profit, of course.
Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa.I thought those were already inside the US though. Some of which run rampant on your streets, while encouraged by your ((media)).
Officer's don't know dick besides how his CO's cock is sucked. Better yet, they don't know the real job responsibilities of the enlisted. If some officer fresh out of the academy with literally minimal knowledge gives you a task that does not make sense cause 'Muh CO', it's completely reasonable to totally question wtf is going on.The organization fails if there's no understanding on what or why you're following orders or how your part fits the big picture.
Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa. Their doing a piss poor job then. All of which you named are already in the country and the military is doing nothing to stop it.
You would literally make more money pumping gasi doubt if you take health, pension and other benefits into the equation.The other point is that you dont have to work most of the time.
vacationHave you never been on a vacation?
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over. Translation:I am a pussyeven benefits can't overcome how much of a pussy I amPathetic.
You tell me what THE FUCK servicemen got out of Vietnam, Afghanistan, and Iraq. And I mean literally the person who signed up and then was discharged from their duties. What the hell did they come back with that could be labeled as being an improvement in their lives?Mind you, we lost all of those wars.
Yeah. You dont think people go on vacation to learn a language?
And I mean literally the person who signed up and then was discharged from their duties.Some never got a pension and became rambling PTSD homeless.
Depends what you do there, if you get useful skills then its a good thing, I dont think there is an active ground war going on where US grunts are involved in real gunfights
women sleep with their supervisors to get better evalsI mean that's to be expected I would presume. Women at that age (assuming they joined right after high school) are already insecure and vulnerable as fuck. They obviously don't have dads OR have daddy issues, so man, fucking your way up the ladder must be rampant in the military if you're a woman. I have always told friends and people that I've met throughout life to NEVER get with a chick that's been in the military. I mean think about it, would you let YOUR daughter join the military? What kind of loser piece of shit father would just deliver his daughter into what is essentially going to be a fuck/rape-fest hellhole for several years?
Also being a 'student' is one of the easiest ways to get a visa for more than couple of months
Defending our country and loved ones from a potential invasion.Peace keeping missions.
They believed they were serving their country with honour.It was misguided but their honour and patriotism is still commendable.
Having a job after you get out is one. If you can get one. I've met a lot of vets who have really shitty jobs or no job. I would do it but I have a medical condition that you wouldn't even know but it's on my permanent record and they will find it. It sucks cause it wouldn't impede my duties whatsoever but they just assume e everyone who has it can't function in society. I'm not a patriot anyway like I fucking hate America so maybe it's for the better. Would pick Europe any day and I've heard they ask you if you think America is the best country in the world and I would say no cause I've actually been outside of America and I'm not a libtard.
this
Oh well I can see why someone like you would join. Thanks for your service, I guess? Better that than prison I suppose.
The army is literally where the lowest dregs of society go in a last ditch effort to be anything respectable. Which is fine, but that American society is expected to bend over to kiss the shoes of someone who spent two years in uniform waiting around a German base is just silly.People who are drafted are respectable, though. I know if I was drafted I'd just ignore every order until I was kicked out.
kek
gibs
For a board so in love with Hitler it is a bit weird how everyone is anti-war apparently
Ignore the invasion of your home and die in a desert instead?
PTSDVirtually every Australian veteran I've met these last thirty years has some form of PTSD from the wars their government involved them in.
GibsWe talking gibs[gibsmedat] nigger money or gibs the little pieces of Iraqi meat that roll about after a nice explosion ?
Unless you're rockin task force orange or green then there is no reason and you's a little bitch.
I know you're British but I have faith you'll figure it out
That's pretty much the purpose of the American military. It gets all right wing fighting age males out of the country so the fucking Jews can destroy it from within. I figured this out in high school. "Look over here, not over here"
Easy moneyFree gymfree heathcaresubsidized housingAccess to firearms and explosiveslive out childhood fantasiesKill peopleParachuteFly expensive and fast aircraftFreed education in some circumstancesAlcoholism encouragedFind me another yo who owns their own car, has no debt and lives in a spacious furnished apartment on his own while paying only % rent. Because thats what an average Australian serviceman gets.
When the time comes you are gonna need military training. Vets are number one group who will be responsible if things actually change.Also you could get a pack of politically motivated bros. See recent elite forces in Germany.
Dying for Jews and doing Israel's dirty work is not honorable.
You can get paid the same doing comfy IT work... but you are either brown or a brainlet
The fact that people say this is good when in reality we should be creating jobs for people who don't worship the government so they can do all of those things listed. But the Jews can't have that now can they. It used to be everyone could afford their own shit at  now only people that work for the government can. Correct me it I'm wrong but that's no different the communism.
You get to kill people and break stuff,while being paid. Feels good, man.
retard gets to have a / wife but I am still alone Anons... please help
from the warsIts actually from being in the ADF. The ADF maks you lose your sanityALCOHOLISM IS WRONG! AND WILL NOT BE TOLERATED!Also ADFYou all have to attend this compulsory BBQ and piss upDATH SYMBOLS ARE BANNED! THEY ARE OFFENSIVEalso ADFLEFT PARY! ON GUARD! BUTT STROKE! SLASH GASH! IN OUT! ON GUARD!WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU LOST YOUR NVG! YOURE GOING TO HOLSWORTHY!Also ADFIf you lose something, TELL US!W treat you like adults so why do you guys fuck up?Also ADFWHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU GOT ON THE PISS ON A FRIDAY NIGHT AFTER YOU WERE KNOCKED OFF! ITS YOUR FAULT WE DIDNT TELL YOU ABOUT THE UNPLANNED RECALL AND DEPLOYMENT TO TULLY ON SATURDAY MORNING!
The military is having record low enlistment numbers despite the ever growing imported population.I guess no one wants to fight for israel and globalhomo anymore.
Youve got two choices dude. Go to uni, rack up debt, work a shitty boring job for  years, pay off a mortgage and climb up the ladder and not be expected to mayeb go to war and gt your legs blown off. ORJoin the military/police and be a civil servant. Get well deserved cushy benefits to motivate you to stay in and when youre not on duty live the high life but accept that one day you may get your nuts blown off. Its always been that way mate.
Not for boomers. And most office jobs are gone now or you have to be a math whiz to get them. I'm basically fucked because I can't do math very well but I'm not allowed in the government because of medical condition that has an extreme stigma attached to it even though you wouldn't even notice it. I was studying to be a lawyer but there are no legal jobs in America any more. No, it was not always like this and saying everyone who doesn't like it should join the government not only doesn't work but sounds very fucking communist to me. I don't see it any other way.
military is obligatory for joining policeNope. In fact when I worked as a policeman for the city of Los Angeles I spoke to a few people that had either worked or presently worked for and were a part of the hiring process for lapd. The main and principal things they looked for in a prospective applicant was: a good work history with positive references, a college degree(or good behavior in high school), a verifiable history of financial responsibility (no debt), and good family references.I brought up military since my brother was in the coast guard, and they told me (every single last one of them) that military and a job history of working security can actually hurt your chances of being hired. It was explained to me that at least now, in the present day, they want goody two-shoes that they can mold from the ground up. When I asked why being in the military could be a disqualifying factor, I was always met with the same response: "They're too aggressive." Oh yeah, and also being a police officer is a shit job by the way. Go ahead and accuse me of "larping," I get it all the time on here when I bring it up, but seriously I just don't understand how anyone could do that job for longer than a few years.
you dont have to work most of the time.You're literally working all of the time.
a good work history with positive references, a college degree(or good behavior in high school), a verifiable history of financial responsibility (no debt), and good family references.So no one whos ever served in a combat unit. WTF do they want a bunch of limp wristed soft cocks engaging violent drug dealers or some hard charging, trained ex soldier badasses?
Sure, I'm scared. I openly admit that. I don't want to go through anything that would leave me both physically and emotionally scarred for life. And neither would you, especially for scraps.
their honour and patriotism is still commendableYes of course, but WHY? Obviously if you get drafted and have no choice then that's a whole other conversation, but the question I'm asking is what is the initial motivation to join? There are WAY more efficient ways to "serve your country" assuming that's all you want to take away from it. For example, you could start charities, volunteer at a hospital, or/and adopt a child that's draining the system of money AND will likely age out of said system to become an even larger burden on society.Those are just some examples. I also recognize, obviously that if people didn't join the military willingly then there would be a draft going on constantly, so yes that's worth commending. I'm not arguing or questioning that. I'm wondering what the motive is for joining willingly in the first place is.
People who are drafted are respectable, thoughI wholeheartedly agree with that, and it's not the point of the thread I started. If you've been drafted then that's a whole other story. I'm asking what the incentive is to join in the first place is, assuming you're not being forced.
To get fitTo have purpose To get discipline
The only reason killing third worlders doesn't exite you is because you've never been around them.
. Effective, free, high quality combat training. Free food, housing, nothing but saving money the entire time if you're responsible and don't buy a charger. Lifelong benefits. Get to shoot at people and not get in trouble for it
You do realize there are many roles that don't involve walking around under the sun being shot at, right?You can learn a trade or learn skills that can be used to civilian or other government jobs outside of the military.Working in the private sector is unironically shithouse in the modern world. You can be fired for a huge number of reasons and you have to work like a dog for shit pay.
What was it like? Seeing as I live in the commonwealth I can easily join the royal marines. Maybe I should
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over% of military personnel will not see a single shot fired outside of the firing range in their entire service. Yes even american ones.
Thats a / with makeup on. You need to get laid senpai.
Because they are gelded animals, probably.
Because where the fuck else was I gonna get paid decent with bennies....eat like a fucking king....paid vacay...all to man a ma duece . cal on a river boat blasting poor ass  dollar a day mestizo soldiers so we could take over the cocaine trade by force?Plus gunnery school where i learned all about John Browning.....acp and . cal and b.a.r....ballistics...explosives...I mean shit bro...how the fuck could I not?It was the 's. It was either the navy or devry.
How many years required for pension?
WTF is happening to people?Just looked at my steam's friend list and all my friends from the early s are now weebs, trannies, furries, or depressed nihilists. No exceptions. All of these guys were normal people with normal lives, and now they're degenerate scum.Something happened. This world doesn't seem right.
Flesh is weak, soul is even weaker.It's hard to resist degeneracy without killing yourself.
I have  steam friends
Being weeb is based.
Based.
Strong men make good times. Good times make weak men. They simply don’t want to take on the responsibility of navigating the world as a man. Its harder for them to treated rougher due to this fact so they turn into women because it’s life on easy mode.
ALL OF MY FRIENDS ON STEAM ARE BASED NAT SOC CHADS THAT GET ARYAN DIMES DAYLY
One of my weeb lolicon friends got a gf and became a trucker. Life's weird.
The world hasn't been right for a long time now, friend.
I don't want to watch anime because then I'd go full weeb
people are too scared to speak up, yet want to fit in.
checking your gay shit
Psyops
my friends on steam got third degrees burns
This. Even my lefty friends have Nazi shit on their profiles because it's seemingly totally unmoderated.  You can get the SS symbol in your username with alt command for fuck sake. Ask Ted Kacynski OP.
BPA / Atrazineturned the frogs gay, and the humans
Cletus shouldnt have been on sun
weebNothing wrong with that.
is friends with spergswonders why spergs dont grow up to be normies???
Arabian prince could be anything and he chose to be a weeb. Very aspiring. I hope he's happy.
FACT: Dotards are the most powerful people in the world
based quadbillions will die in this century
All of these guys were normal people with normal livesNo, no and no.Not a good idea to announce how much of a faggot you are.
Alienation, atomization, superficial image based society; needlessness for masculinity, intellectualism or violence, sexual impulses without an outlet that reverses on itself (people are too selfish to fall in love or date.)
Everything wrong with it. Effeminate weeb fatties and skeletons are a plague.
This is an anime website holy fuck, fuck off already.
You really think it doesn't take an absolute chad to be a weeb? Everyone hates you for your superior taste instead of all the blackwashing, racemixing, degenerate shit from Muttmerica.
Video games are pure propaganda
Effeminate weebYeah no, that is not how that works. Remember where you are anon.
welcome to society, it looks comfy, but there is a catch, you're not in control, even of what you think, you think you are someone but you're just simply reprogrammable, your life is a lie
You can get the SS symbol in your username with alt command for fuck sake.lmao no I got banned for "I cant breath" username
Anime is garbage for manchildren
Jews. Did you really not already know this OP?
if you have low test levels watching anime unironically turns you into a depraved furry/tranny it's like a sort of brainwashing.the more you consume something that gives you a pleasurable experience the more your brain is conditioned into wanting it.
Do you have any good multiplayer games anon?Or are you playing single player and expecting NPCs to add you to their frend list?
nothing wrong with animewtf is even the relation between being a tranny and anime??
Most millennials and zoomers grew up watching anime, that's why they are more likely to accept degeneracy because they have been conditioned by CIA jap pedo culture mkultra. You see these retards march in white nationalists parades and then return home to their body pillow of some underaged anime boy. No matter how superior you believe yourself to be, at the end of the day you are merely human and are susceptible to all kinds of mind control shenanigans. People who worship Japanese culture should be treated as the enemy, just like the socialists and communists of all stripes.
My friends have turned out normal. I mean, we’re mentally ill and miserable, but we’re all straight, no drugs, no alcohol, work full time, want to get married. I don’t know why degeneracy smells so good to some people. Diaper furfags and hormone deranged dick amputees are probably caused by demonic possession because at this point it stops being a simple inability to restrain pleasure seeking, as none of this is pleasurable to a sane person.
We used to play TF back in around  on community deathruns and shit.Admins used to ban fags and kick anyone with a weeb spray. Everyone said racist memes outloud and nobody cared either. There was also a real sense of community that you don't get now anywhere. years later the same people that kicked them are the fags and weebs now. It's insane
You are degenerates get out of my thread

I'm glad I introduced my steam friend to /pol/ a few years back.
Power ranking :WeebsDepressed NihilistsFurriesTrannies
today the new gen (alpha) is being "built" as in psychological complexes and cultural influences, maybe they can't control everyone individually (yet), but they surely can in big chunks.
Bruce Jenner dressed like a girl and went on the cover of Vanity Fair and the world hasn't been the same since. Obgersfield vs Hodges unleashed demons.
Playing Dota  for  hours was the only thing that prevented me from being turned into feminine putty by my jew faggot american high school. Doing great now in college and life
Same. One of mine became a gay marxist furry, The other one became an anti police fanatic, And that was before all the riots began
Why do you oust yourself as a fag OP ?
wtf is even the relation between being a tranny and animeI've noticed all trannies seem to like anime and and listen to Britney Spears.I really don't get the Britney Spears shit. Every single tranny I've met loves Britney Spears
QUADSGLERM LOOKS DOWN ON USBLONK
Isn't that the profile of the Saudi prince?

Is no one going to point out that the screenshot is not OP's friend but rather a Saudi Prince? (Who's also a giant weeb)
Yes
Checked and nobodygivesashitpilled. Not even you.
No, someone just put his name on
Trannies try to claim anime cause they are faggots
depressed nihilist
same here, can't see who played with me in Dark Souls in PC, consoles you can, it sucks
Don't watch gay shit then, only manly men in space.
every steam profile pic is either anime, a cat or a rapper
Same, I just use Steam for strategy games.
I miss the good old days of MW and Halo on Xthe chatrooms man, were worth the  bucks a year

Yes, chan is not degenerate at all, have you checked the other boards?
That's going too far Anon, don't you have simpathy for the poor man who got kille by racist pig?
I spent much of the 's (my youth) as a "weeb" aka I had an anime profile picture, consumed anime and discussed it. However the overwhelming faggotry and second-hand embarrassment I got from just about every other "weeb" and those who jumped on the anime bandwagon made me wake up and realise just how infested with homosexual and tranny shit it was. All my steam friends were faggots and trannies. Even on chan people who post anime shit are one message away from going full fucking homo. Anime communities are riddled with ERP. There's just something about it which attracts the worst kind of people.
I would've taken a shit down his throat
ANTIFA faggots bringing their kids to the protest to either use them as shields or use them for victim points when they get tear gassed. Can we start hunting these fuckers down?
Well in a state with an actual functioning justice system they'd be charged with reckless endangerment at the very least.But we're talking about states with functioning governments, not hilarious meme-politicians playing silly buggers like up in Portland.
theirPropably bought from Epstein cult.
They eat the babies after the riots.That's just what they are.
I find it funny that in New (but still just as shitty as old) Mexico they actually understand the constitution so when someone needs to use a gun for defense they don't go to jail.
You really think these buckets of onions who apparently can't afford a babysitter could pay some $, for a baby?
If the kids die just call it a late term abortion
Gee, like some Soros wouldn't just child traffic babies there for photos and then have the baby fried as chicken.
late term abortion is for like...if the baby is going to die if the cord is cut.
I didn't know nignogs worked with Soros too
Congratulations!You must have woken up from a coma five minutes ago.World must seem like crazy to you?
I thought it was mostly whites and mix-raced kykes.
But they do.Sorry to give you a rough awakening, but they do.Most of them are not aware that they do, but they do.
i have a feeling the offsprings of these idiots will hate them.I think with enough luck the future is bright.
Us doing a single god damn thing Listen here fagotGLERNK is the ultimate mega world war  epic manBLONK will not betray usFLERMP is a man that will... give these kids their just desertWe sit here and post dapper froggos sometimes and GLEEEERG steam whistles us
Just see who handles the BLM money flow. That's all you need to know. I am not going to hand it to you. Dig yourself.You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig.
BLERG
get your kid gassedsue for  millionsgenius
I know BLM is a massive scam. Notice all the GoFundMes for $, memorials for the same  niggers who got shot for chimping out. All that money goes to the same  accounts, and when they met their goal they raise it.
Wanna know why the whole world, we have built, is a scam? Everything is a scam.the life we should live, is too simple. It gives no more challenge.BLM, Antifa, appeals to people because they are dead bored. Sick and tired of looking heros on tv. People want to get some real good action.This is where all the geopolitical chess players taps into.
Lol, tHe mUrIcAn wAyYour country is one huge embarrassment lol
So basically, the people with "god mode", as in shitload of money, spends their money. To push things here and there, merely out of boredom.
Brit/pol/ - No Trannies edition
Free speech row over new hate crime bill in Scotlandwe had the same row here, and a row about the right to self defence and defence of your property. it didn't stop them.
based image.
how many free products have YOU given to are NHS?https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-/Small-business-owner-reveals-asked-send-free-booze--ambulance-service-workers.html
Surprised no one's talking about Wiley.
Hi bongs
be mewalk to co-opwear a mask to see what its likeinstantly feel the need to sneeze after I put it onafter a few mins I feel short of breath, have to breathe much deeper breaths and focus more on my breathingafter I do this for a min or two my eyes start watering and becoming extremely irritatedsuddenly remember the advice my mother gave to me (qualified biochemist) pre-lockdown"make sure you wash your hands before you touch your mouth, eyes, or ears. especially if you've already touched your mouth"so basically the masks make us need to breath heavily, which irritates our eyes and makes them water which makes them more likely to absorb particulates in the air, exposing us to a higher risk of infection than if we didn't wear masks to begin withyeah, fuck the government, not wearing one again, ever
"Oh Dan-ny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling"https://twitter.com/ELLOBO/status/
was talked about in a thread last night. not much thoughyou again
Threadly reminder:Chinks vs Mutts - we watch the carnageFuck cuckstianityStop voting ToryBrexit was a mistake
Obvious bait from a eurocuck
They are going to force plastic gloves to shop next.Followed by masks anywhere outside.Keep the fear going.Are you scared by virus? I'm not, though plenty are? Either that of the threat of fines makes them go along with this masked charade
How's the clouds?
Hate speech laws will be put in place to stop native resistence to mass Africanization. Africanization which is occuring and will get more aggressive over the next  years. Bantu Bolshevism.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bIKyAX_tLoLee has awoken.
no tranniessimple as
wiley still going full throttle self-implosion on insta get your top jewish man put im on zoom wiv me, bruv
Next let's make being Muslim a race. If Jews are a race why cant we be a race?
Going bouldering today boisLet’s see how many mask fags there are
morning
Surprised no one's talking about Wileyits in the OP...
jews arent a race though
Guys what are your arguments against mandatory facemasks? I don't support them but I don't feel like I can get my thoughts together about this. It just doesn't "feel" right and I don't "like" it but those aren't good enough reasons really. So, redpill me on this.
jews trending on twittercame herewhats the crack lads
retards still sucking wileys dicklooolliterally amerifat tier brainletsmuh ,mhuhmh ajahdjadh MUH BASED BLACK MANERINO
Morning Bruce
Not bait m, just talking points while i procrastinate
masksm no one cares
the effects of continuous reuptake of carbon dioxide negates the miniscule increase of likelihood of NOT catching covid-.it's more a decision about protecting others rather than yourself. your call.
 Stuggles to wear a mask to the shopsThis is either a larp or you’re a pussy
your call.well, it should have been
tldr black man thinks jews are white
Evening Nigel
They are an ethnic group
There's no "redpoll" it's just a crap way of stopping you catching covid. Masks clearly don't work like that because none of them are properly sealed and the ones that are used by idiots anyway. What they ARE good at doing is helping to stop YOU from spreading it of you're infected by preventing brainlets sneezing everywhere.
boomer comic
boulderingCool man have fun, makes me want to go climbing again.

International dacade for people of African descent. The thinking behind it is to civilize negroes. Not much different from th century missionaries. Talk about flogging a dead horse. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Decade_for_People_of_African_Descent#:~:text=The%International%Decade%for%People,recognition%C%justice%and%development%.
pic rel looks suspicious. it talks of cooperation but that usually means central control and compliance. how can anyone in power be trusted again.
ummm so us europeans cant convert to judaism? stupid retarded pig fucker
its all a psy op to have the public accept compulsory vaccinationsthey've already been arguing for it on this morning
Meanwhile ...
Wouldn't stand a chance against are Fury
I didn't wear one yesterday in Tesco's and I got hit with £ fine.
They will make you wear latex gloves.
prove it
fucking mountain mutts. it annoys me when people use them to back up their "BBBBBBAAAAAAAASSSSED WHITE MUSLIMS" bullshit
islam is haram
Yikes what a low iq take. Did i say judaism was an ethnic group, or that jews were? Kindly off yourself you fucking idiot
Coronavirus is a trick.Masks are to keep the fears alive.The doubt you feel is truth rising against the lies you have been taught since you were a small child.
Whats your point? That you're a retard that touches their face too much? Or that you're a fat cunt who cant breath with a bit of cloth over their face? Or Both?
My hairdressers is telling people not to wear masks as the staff are. Wtf
you seem awefully triggered by someone mentioning jews.why is that?that's not at all what the tweets i've seen said.he also RT'd pic related
then why are there millions of black Jews in nigeria?
Actually had a box pre lock down About £ now £ enough of this shit they want us to wear all this shit they can pay for itBesides we was meant to save the environment last year Now nobody gives a fuck throwing away masks and plastic gloves Guess the normies moved on to blm
th tribe
why is that?because he's a below iq nigger
what have you seen?
source
It's another form of forced compliance and the government doesn't even have to enforce it, the herds of normies will. There were heated arguments in some shops. Mostly middle aged women were berating people for not wearing them.We've seen so many examples in such a short space of time. From snitching on neighbours for having friends round to not clapping hard enough for are nhs to not worshiping niggers. This is just another round of that.
black Jewslol no such thingblacks LARPing as jews is irrelevant. niggers will do whatever their masters command them too. they are a conquered people. true black religion is animism and shamanism etc
Because retard, they Jews are an ethnic group, and Jews are also the name of followers of Judaism. Just like Danes are an ethnic group, and Danes are also not ethnically danish people who have a danish citizenship. A word can mean more than one thing. You can have your blood tested for Jewish ancestry
I lost my job last night thinking of continuing to get pissed at am, thoughts lads?

What I find most funny when this happens is you always get people on the left blaming racist whitey for filling the poor, tiny-brained chimpy-wimpy's head with their hateful misinformation. It's quite damming and shows they really think of black people.
Mandem gettin wise bout dem jew ting innit
Someone red pilled a grime rapper called Wiley on slavery and he chimped out and revealed his power level to soon. I guess the whole BLM thing has made blacks feel untouchable.
Most shoppers did not wear face coverings in May and June and cases/deaths continued to fall. Sainsbury's and Asda are among the retailers who have said they will not penalise customers who fail to wear face masks. See: https://news.sky.com/story/coronavirus-major-supermarkets-refuse-to-enforce-face-mask-rules-despite-police-pleas-
Kek
no way lmao
so corbyn really does hate jews?
/
The amount of face masks I've seen on fields and in hedgerows is disgusting.
This is actually getting massive in the states esp among the hotep/we wuz egyptianz crowd eghttps://wethoughttheywerewhite.tumblr.com/
see
the student has become the master
its from , *someone* on twitter was trying to associate Corbyn with anti-semitismthey never stopfunny tho
It must of been Corbyn who red pilled Wiley.
no you dont understand, and i dont give a fuck how many blacks jews ryou can show me. they are not real jews. because they are black. and the other jews look down on them. they are not jews. they are LARPers.
Masks are to keep the fears alive.Quite the contrary. Completely the opposite. There are people who have been afraid to go past their front doors for months that tentatively "went down the shops" on Friday. The masks are as a walking stick, helping those that have been injured get "out and about". Time, or rather the retail figures, will tell.It will also be interesting to see the "subconscious" effect in cities of not being constantly bombarded by alien faces.
clown worldim staying away
Checked
Will the BBC do this for Hitler? What if Hitler wasn't rejected from art school? Liberal arts Gate keepers reeeeeeshttps://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-So they can't find another black Saint they have to make what if scenarios Plus No black history worth mentioning they have to insert them into ours
he went too far lads. rip
Checked & black pilled
no j-jews are also a religioncoping hard lmao
there is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitism
yeah right afraid of a virus that is so weak they have to massage the figures to make it look virulent.fuck you .
If he didnt before he certainly does now.
As I walked past I saw a couple of based lads in Co-op yesterday not wearing masks. One was in flip flops and shorts, not giving a solitary shit.
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Must be a troll lmao imagine not knowing something as basic as thishttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jews
Bit overcast here mate, had some rain last night
I leave my parents house to go to the shops, we argued over me not having a job and then refusing to cook my chicken nuggets for me, they then told me to take a walk after I called them ‘fucking kikes’, not my fault they want me to conform to society and be a slave for moneyI enter the local paki shop, he’s upped the price of his rustlers and monster energy drink (my favourite), he always changes the prices to match Tescos and the like, why can’t he just do what’s best for me? I mutter ‘fucking Jew’ under my breath at him as I leave the shop and spit on all the newspapers on my way out for publishing anything that doesn’t involve someone like me, a true aryanI decide to go to the park and my blood is already boiling, a black man is sitting on a bench with a white woman, fucking Jewish niggers, stealing all the white women from me, it’s all their fault I’m a fat loser and I tut at him as I walk by. He immediately squares up to me telling me to do it again, but I walk away with him calling me a ‘pussyole’. Standing up for myself would be such a Jewish thing to do and he’s not going to win today.Walking round the shops I get even further enraged, Jews everywhere, taking women from me who would obviously take my virginity had they not ever existed. Charging money for goods in their shops. Laughing with their mates (who needs friends when you’re this based?) People are laughing at me and gagging as I walk past, the stench of my redpilling must be too much for them to handle.I don’t get it /pol/, why can’t the Jews just fuck off? It’s THEIR fault my life is so shit..
There are people who have been afraid to go past their front doors for months that tentatively "went down the shops" on FridayWhy do we want people that paranoid and retarded out amongst us again? It would be like releasing an army of rainmen into the populace.
Stop voting ToryVote for Kier Starmer and the new pro-Semitic labour party
can't wait for commie fucks like this to get lined up against the wallthis must've been a nigger, only a nigger could possibly think like thissome of the only people with stable jobs and income right now, getting pay raises left and right, and they want all their shit for free too? has anyone seen niggers "work" before either?then again, nhs is outwardly bolshevised so i guess it would be odd to expect different of the staff
they have to massage the figures to make it look virulent.And even then it's still nothing, lol. I wonder if they're regretting getting behind such a nothing virus instead of waiting for/manufacturing something more deadly.
Do you think showering so you don’t have a funk is forced compliance?Or how about being required to wear clothes?
Hi Patrick
It just doesn't "feel" right and I don't "like" itPeople are trained to believe, its western culture, that you have to rationalise things. Almost everyone almost always and everyone at some point fumbles through this. Its why you end up with junk science like creationism. Just because you can't rationalise something doesn't mean that there isn't a rational reason for it.Your feelings have been tested by evolution over a far greater timescale than reason has existed. It "doesn't feel right" is a perfectly valid reason for not doing something.Look at the arguments against allowing muslim women to wear the veil and they transfer over to wearing a face mask. It will have consequences for society quite separate from any direct biological effects.the virus is weakIrrelevant. It is their belief that matters. People were afraid and many are now not because of their belief in the efficacy of face masks. These people are out spending money right now.
b but I thought jews don't have the power to lobby institutions and businesses into doing what they want?
I was in co-op last night, no one said anything until a second person came in without one and i was told i need to wear one in future.
Keeping it real
One thing I have learned from the virus is that most people are cowards and snitches
Give it a week and I think the staff will stop even attempting to say anything.
what might have happeneddepicts him marrying a white womenffs... it ever endsThese globalist fucks REALLY ARE social engineering everyone for the massive surge in African immigration projected for this century."Global recognition of the challenges around racism are going to be all the more critical if there are large numbers of people of African descent in many countries.""The distribution of working-age populations will be crucial to whether humanity prospers or withers." https://www.bbc.com/news/health-This is what all the endless race mixing propaganda is about. Why BLACKED porn gets shilled so hard etc. Brainwashing people into accepting their own replacement.And sadest of all, it seems effective...
If only racism hadn't killed him, he would have proven string theory and married this white woman. Wouldn't be surprised if they get a couple of mutts to play his kids. BBC have outdone themselves this time, bravo.
No, it did exactly what was required of it.if you kill too many cattle you have nobody to work on the farm.consume at all costs! you were afraid but with magic facecloth you can consume again.. fuckoff 
theres only two partiesEither a mutt or a retard. Judging from the flag maybe both!
this will never be you
he bought into the blacks can't be racistmeme. in my experience they're even worse than us.
/ sensible chuklehad me in the st half lost me by the end
brexit was a mistakeI'm not taking advice from germoney's hat
Haha those white women just cant get enough of the dark meat.
Reminder that if you love your family you’re not trad.https://mobile.twitter.com/FredNietzky/status/Retvrn to trvdition, punch your nan!
Yeah, I guess you're right. I can't help but feel like they hoped it would have been more, but I guess it barely matters. The figures are all there and they're pathetic, but the ones who are scared will be scared regardless.
I fucking hate normies. I might write that on my mask.
it was a woman behind the counter, of course. mostly i get left alone because im' '" and an absolute unit.
I'll say one thing for third world wogs, they don't give a fuck about rules. I went past some dingy Turkish £ place saw they didn't have customers, and went in. The subject of masks did not come up during my haircut.
How many right wing terrorists are in this country genuinely
Whenever there is any sort of "black power" movement it is immediately cancelled when they start talking about jews. Happened with the Black Panthers, happened in the early s, and it is happening again. The ironic thing is that BLM is run by jews, but they can't control their golem.
Everyone is a potential terrorist
Yes similar to ethnic Jews having to come from a Jewish mother I think you could assert that Muslim intellect can only come from procreation between cousins.
probably in the hundreds at most. and the filth and gchq know about each one of them
be Britishwake up at sunrise to the salat al-fajr blaring through every speaker in Londonwave at the CCTV camera while I'm taking a showereat some shakshuka for breakfast because my wife's son says breakfast needs to be more diversethere's a letter in the transom saying I must pay my tv license because indoctrination isn't freetake the underground to work and get blown up by an innocent refugeewake up in the hospital getting free health carewave to the CCTV camera by my hospital bedhospital food is harira and fried grasshoppers since it's halalget a notice I have to pay for my email licenserealize I've been circumcised while I was unconscious, Dr. Patel says it's more sanitary this waySharia Police runs into my room and demands to know why my wife's son isn't wearing a head scarftry to mansplain that he's a boymy wife's son says he doesn't identify that way anymoreSharia Police kill everyone in the roommy beheaded body is paraded through the streets while everyone chants "fuck white people!"The Guardian and Telegraph say they're worried about my public execution because it might cause Islamaphobiabe buried in Highgate cemeterymy bones are being monitored by CCTVhave to renew my burial license next month
This is like the fifth time in the last week. Something is genuinely brewing it seems
Reminder, as always, to fuck Hong Kongers.https://mobile.twitter.com/acczibit/status/
wikipedia sourcewhy do you ruin every thread?
I fucking 'ate pikeys
anyone born in judea was a jew so nothing to do with race, gotcha.
What do you think of American trannies moving to the U.K, pretending to be British?
How many they decide Your post may have put you in that campLet's not argue over who offended who When they can twist words and label you anything they want you to be
The masks are a pointless forced meme. I'll still wear them though and get in every fuckers hostile little face for making me wear them. I've already been banned from two of my local supermarkets.
the complete lack of action from twitter, and the almost grudging acceptance to actually call his multiple hour rants racist from lefty media, shows how dangerous the BLM narrative is.the one mistake Wiley made was target Jews instead of whites. and in Black Hebrew Israelite theology, the Jew is the "king race" of the whites. they believe Jews are whites, but are the most powerful whites. it's a distinction almost without a difference. if you took his rants and replaced "Jewish" with white, not only would he have been ignored, he'd probably have been given a BBC documentary slot to spend half an hour teaching the British public about how whites are demonic.
you forgotwalk round the group of polish labourers drinking lager and eating tuna out of tins in the street
This isn't a Creative Writing class, fuck off Tarquin
Wut, it explicitly says they are an ethnic group. They inbred over  years which led to them having similar characteristics. You must be a retard or a jew to not know this
Far-right groups consist of MI agents and Special Branch agents trying to goad one another into doing something violent
Conspiritard hat on - they are somehow doing it deliberately so they can say Twitter supports anti-semitism, oust/sideline Jack Dorsey and accelerate the Paul Singer takeover
memeflag
Madonna?
that sounds about right. can't have a social media platform in the hands of a goy
Do you ever start writing something fairly impassionately and feel the enthusiasm drain away from you mid-way through lads?
Lots of bootlicking in this thread.
Oooh, I know! I know! The terrorist must be the white man, right? So fucking transparent
I don’t believe COVID- is real lads
which powerful group is a massive proponent for open borders?which powerful group is a massive proponent for multicultralism?which powerful group is a massive proponent of feminism, and 'progressive' values?which powerful group is a massive proponent in the porn industry shilling Miscegenation?Which powerful group DOMINATES the Media, Hollywood, Music industry, and uses these mediums to shill all of the above.What effect has this had on Employment, Wages, Prices, Family, Relationships, Culture?If you don't see the connection & its consequences, you're a sub  IQ moron and should fuck back off to plebbit.
In the same way the KKK are overwhelmingly feds and police and spooks, hard right wing groups here are the same
Free speech row over new hate crime bill in Scotlandthis is such bullshit because what you hate is subjective - a gun shot to the head might top the list on things that piss you off, but there's some freak out there who'd pay good money to have it happen to themand this "analysis" is saying we would (not even "should") not want to be responsible for some nigger chimping out; never mind blaming the nigger for their violent reactions, no it's somehow my fault because they're so quick to lash out blindly at the mere sounding of that word "nigger"not that it matters because we don’t have a right to own a gun to protect our right to say what we like, so all the pundits and fags are umming and ahhing over how restricted a privilege to speak we should get; a small formality for them to pretend to care, as we run headlong towards despotism no doubt
Sounds cool. A few weeks ago I walked up to the Lodge Slabs up by Loch Grannach in Galloway, cycled there, slept in a bivvy bag overnight, went swimming and climbed the Lodge Slabs the next morning. Great fun, if shit hits the fan I'm just going to go live outdoors, there were plenty of fish and sheep, drinkable water and firewood.
all the ti
I asked a manager today and she told me they're not allowed to enforce it. so you can put a complaint it and get free coupons kek
mass africanizationThey are at most % of the popualtion and most of them live in one cityHow the hell is the country going to get africanized with those numbers?
Shitpipe of a kike country. Kween resembles a reptilian kike
is real ISRAEL ?COINCIDENCE!?I THINK NOT
By importing more. Thats the only way because they dont have a hugh birthrate in UK because they get so many abortions just like in the states
they clearly aren't though and you havent provided a single thing that disproves this
Ok? How's that any worse than getting shanked with a spork by a paki, or that % of your women ooze clemedia and/or syph? You're a joke, bro.
sounds comfy af. i do a lot of rough camping with a bivvy bag round here. would love to do it in scotland where it's actually legal but it's fucking miles away. last time i was camping at a castle and someone actually called the old bill. told me i had to leave, but i wandered off and came back after an couple of hours. england is the least free country in europe probably.
Fuck me, you have to pay to take that course. Just searched it up.
So your issue is one of efficacy? If that’s the case then get an FFP mask lad.
Really easy to tell who I’ve hit the nail on the head describing kek
Its known as withnailling.

fuck off you giant pussy. you were taking the piss so i did too and now i've hurt your feelings.
Yeah, I've been camping a few times in England and been told to leave, with threat of cops coming out. I was in an open field with no crops or livestock, no farm in site to go ask if I could camp or not. No idea how they knew I was there.

it's all coming undone
I'm not opposed to the idea but is should have been a thing back in march , but they were too proud to admit they had no stockpiles, even though mask wearing is part of pre existing pandemic flu plans. To do it now when the pandemic is basically over in the UK is pointless. I reckon that domcum and his band of behavioural scientists.Literally every single law is "forced compliance" , I'm not a supporter of the masks atm but forcing people to do or not do stuff to protect public health is millennia old.
Kek I did it for work, so workplaces are paying to indoctrinate their staff with this stuff
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/
holy kek this is good content
UH OHBLERMPwhat do u bong FUCKS think of danagel PLERNG
It’s a mixture of things that have nothing to do with slowing the spread of the virus.Some MPs want the UK to be more inline with other nations; some get a kick out of passing draconian laws; some want to do everything and anything to slow the spread of the virus, even if it doesn’t work or is OTT.It’s going to backfire eventually, when we see a rise in cases due to opening up, and retards (so all MPs) are going to cry and shut down the country again, inciting societal anger and change. Will be a fun couple of years.
Englandastan Free shamima bagumDindu nun
https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/face-coverings-when-to-wear-one-and-how-to-make-your-own/face-coverings-when-to-wear-one-and-how-to-make-your-ownYou do not need to wear a face covering if you have a legitimate reason not to. This includes (but is not limited to):not being able to put on, wear or remove a face covering because of a physical or mental illness or impairment, or disabilityif putting on, wearing or removing a face covering will cause you severe distressto avoid harm or injury, or the risk of harm or injury, to yourself or others
the access laws in england are a fucking joke, like everything else.they're completing the footpath legislation now. if a path isn't mapped and included it'll be lost forever. half of the paths i use haven't been used for years.
And BASED Patel ensures it’ll be carried out at the highest levels as well
SMALL TOWN WITCH COME TO MESS ME UPSMALL TOWN WITCH COME TO MESS ME UP, AGAINhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUBVVbcCDdM
that's precisely the psyop.relationships have been totally refrained around empty hedonism. "good news white women, these millions of Africans we want to flood your countries with are the 'great' loversconveniently ignores % high divorce rate, the domestic abuse,their reputation of abandoning their own children.
) The number is obviously increasing all the time, since there is a limitless pool of nogs in Africa to draw upon and ) it's more a matter of the society becoming culturally black on the whole regardless of its demographics -- much as apartheid-era South Africa used to be culturally white despite whites being a minority
there is a correct answer?
hello fren, I assume you're my ex danefag now currently danefren anyway
so we all have to pretend to be spastics just to get a pint of milk now?
David Lammy is on LBC talking about BLM
it does feel like yelling into the void at times.
yes. the white guy obviously.
Literally every single law is "forced compliance"There's a bit of a difference between forcing someone not to do something (like kill your neighbour) and telling them they have to do something, and in cases where the latter is pointless and unnecessary it does amount to petty tyranny
I’m a pretty normal guy, semi cool job with a good few friends. Yesterday I went out in Cheltenham without a mask and felt like a social pariah - even the homeless and street drinkers were wearing them. I think this will be how they start getting us on a list boys.
or the actual law if you want to read ithttps://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi///regulation//made
Thankfully, the masks won’t save them, and they’ll die.We don’t weak subhumans in our country
don't let them make you a social piranha mate or they'll ostrichsize you forever. you're a human being.
still waiting for his hot take on paki rape gangs and why white boys are failing at school. he is an MP after all, it's not like he is only allowed to represent his own race or anything, is it?
have legit diagnosis of autism from when I was a childchildhood asthmasuffer from digestive issues that give me a lot of wind which sometimes makes me short of breathbecome distressed when wearing mask due to eye watering and needing to sneeze every few secondsI am based and exempt pilledpretendthanks mate, by definition according to that law I'm except just from the simple fact I have a long list of (((mental health issues)))
Yeah man. Hows life?
Styxhexenhammer
He's a weirdo. As far as weirdos go, he's okay.
Gaming laptop
Oh fuck off faggots.
Hi Styx
He's a larping satanist, not accepted by the cool groups cause his rhetoric is all wrong.He's mostly pointing the obvious and when he tries to make a point of his own fails miserably egCharlanog didn't manhandle Biden because he's a political nobody and because he just told Biden to sit down and stfu or something he didn't even make a proper argument, he spoke from above when ChalalallalaCRAP is a nobody compared to Biden.So give me a break with both Char... and Styxcuckhammer/weird fuck.
I love the dude.
Muh based black manMagatards are pathetic.
he's a nihilist. You can't trust nihilists, obviously. I mean, you can't trust them personally. What they say doesn't have to be wrong.
Correct predictionsDidn't he get the  midterms wrong?
Nice larp nigger
Stop stealing our women, mutt.
Incredibly based.
No.Hi Amazing Gaytheist. Sage for shitty thread.
I watched his old 'Israel Is Not A US Ally' video on th of July, checked back a few weeks later to link a friend and it was 'removed by the uploader' not just set to private or unlisted. I looked everywhere and couldn't find a mirror, not even on his bitchute or other alt-tech sites, why is he silently self-censoring his old content all of a sudden?Here's the video re-uploaded btw: https://video.autizmo.xyz/videos/watch/b-ddaf-fed-fd-bedc
Original youtube link: https://youtube.com/watch?v=MOKJZwlbWSohttps://web.archive.org/web//https://youtube.com/watch?v=MOKJZwlbWSo
I wonder if he does stand up, because he would make a good comedian.Seriously
his audio in this video is better than his current videos lmao
op is a faggot compared to Styx.
Styx is based. He wrecked Allsup in the debate and wignat mouth breathers have been salty ever since
E-celeb cancer. Fuck off, faggot.
I agree thats a god damn good idea. spoken word type thing.
bland talking pointsdoesn't touch on anything remotely importantmassive ego only concern is shekels $$$He's just a shitty lolbertarian version of the neocon MSM media people he shits on
picWhat's funny is that the lefties think he's far right anyway.
he cucked pretty hard after donnie wore the mask.purged his twitter.
What are your positions on covid, No Retards EditionAnswer these questions: Fake or real? Are you going to take a vaccine? Should the state mandate masks? Should the state mandate a vaccine? [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?
Fake or real?RealAre you going to take a vaccine?YesShould the state mandate masks?I'm not sureShould the state mandate a vaccine?I'm not sure[Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?Fine by me
Real, likely synthetic origin, yet either a pure lab research strain or a prototype of a "terror weapon" with low lethality but such rapid spread it will kill those few susceptible within the first weeks of a pandemic, creating an artificial mortality peak which scares the crap outa everyone. Masks are actually nice idea in general (see flu season) but are used propagandistically to push further agenda like useless vaccines. They will never work as it has been previously shown that vaccination against Coronaviridae in general does not work ... with current technology it is as it appears impossible to induce a sufficient protective immune response against the virus (compare to that until now we don't have a vaccine against something as simple as the sniffles).
as real as the fluno never I don't take flu vaccines eitherno masks don't work everyone knows it, in fact we should drop all pretenses and get everyone sick to get base immunity against corona virusesno state mandated vaccines will be riddled with problems due to the monopoly and will have health consequencesit's not fucking bill Gates, it's China who's pushing the whole mask and vaccine industry because they're making Bn* every day because retards wear masks.
realno, gonna see how it works on other people first.no. retarded. masks don’t do shit without proper handling and specific kinds of masksnooooooo. fuck thathe either wants to save his own wrinkly hide from catching the coof and dying or he wants to make history and be written as some hero while rolling in cash and denying vaccine privilege as a means to leverage his power over people
we do actually have a vaccine against the flu. But it evolves. What's better is getting one version so your body more accurately learns to fight off other versions. A natural immunity is much better than a synthetic one.
 Fake or real?Real. The fake virus propaganda is being pushed by chink shills. Are you going to take a vaccine?Yes. Should the state mandate masks?Yes. It would be nice if everyone would do it without being forced though. Unfortunately we got a lot of dipshits out there that love to act up. Should the state mandate a vaccine?The creation of a vaccine? I don't understand this question. [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?He's doing it for purely altruistic reasons. Don't believe the nonsense coming from those  year old facebook moms.
Fake or real?Real Are you going to take a vaccine?Yes but I'll let others take it first Should the state mandate masks?Absolutely. And it was done far too late. If masks were mandated immediately most places could have avoided lockdowns and many deathsShould the state mandate a vaccine?Yes[Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?A good thing. The sooner we have a vaccine that actually works without side effects the sooner the economy can fully re open. That requires a lot of money, and Gates does help. As a bonus he plans to prioritize Africans in early vaccinations which is good since we can see if it's safe or not
Fake and gayNoNoNohttps://youtu.be/MmvMcjug
 Fake or real?its real but its over hyped bythe media Are you going to take a vaccine?if it doesnt have aborted baby parts sure Should the state mandate masks?no Should the state mandate a vaccine?no [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?hes a faggot and a cause of this bullshit
Real but could be exaggeratedNoIf the situation demands itNoBill wants to make money and he has enough already
Do you know anything about the theory that viruses don't meet the definition because they don't meet Koch's Postulate standards? If yes, is it bullshit or real?
 Fake or real?Real, the social distancing likely is helping keep the numbers down but this gives the false impression that the virus isn't a big deal. Are you going to take a vaccine?No, not for any real reason, I just normally don't get flu shots or anything. Should the state mandate masks?Yes, they should have done this from the very beginning. The fact that the state can't even pull together some masks to protect its citizens should tell you how much shit they have on the shelf in dealing with other large scale problems. Should the state mandate a vaccine?Possibly, if the true extent of the virus is on par with things like polio and smallpox where it just needs to be eradicated or else it's not possible to return to normal then fine. [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?Bill Gates is no different than every other Boomer that goes looking for religion or whatever later in life, they see the clock ticking down and they want to atone or do some good to be remembered by. People like Bill Gates might be a bit out of touch with the common man and not fully interpret how the effects of his money can detrimentally affect people's lives. Much like dumping money into Africa to feel good about one's self, the money may be ending up in the wrong hands or for the wrong causes and end up negatively impacting things.
I had Covid back in Janurary, it sucked for a few days, but then I got better.Sickest I've ever been in my life.
here's your u
A real nothingburgerNoNoNoI don't trust him.
fake, no, no, no, evil
Trump says wear the mask, I wear the mask.Trump says take the vaccination, I take the vaccination.Trump says he needs my vote, he's got my vote.I would die for this man. I would cut off my balls just to have a beer with him. I would do anything for him.If you don't agree, you're not a true American.Repost if you agree
 Fake or real?It's real.  Are you going to take a vaccine?Only if it's proven to work Should the state mandate masks?Yes. We need to end this yesterday Should the state mandate a vaccine?not sure [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?whatever works at this point
Found the russian shillbot. You made it far too obvious.
Exaggerated, limited real version pit there. no no
True, flue vaccine is mostly a guessing game by the WHO which strain will become prevalent during the next season. Was talking more about non-flu sniffles (rhinovirus for example), these are notoriously tricky to mount a response against. Which definition? Please specify. A virus is technically not "alive", yes ... although a few are actually quite large and something in between (bringing their own protein machinery etc). A virus is more a "parasitic program", non-autonomous life so to speak. But again, the boundaries are fluid here. Consider them a rogue genomic template. Compare to natural role of plasmids in bacteria.
Trump says wear the mask, I wear the mask.Trump says take the vaccination, I take the vaccination.Trump says he needs my vote, he's got my vote.I would die for this man. I would cut off my balls just to have a beer with him. I would do anything for him.If you don't agree, you're not a true American.Repost if you agree
 Fake or real?Real but only weaklings and oldfags die from it Are you going to take a vaccine?Only when it's mandatory but at the last moment, and when I'm sure it doesn't turn you or your sperm into potatoes. Should the state mandate masks?Sure I already got my useless mask, at least I can breathe in it. Should the state mandate a vaccine?No only the weaklings should get it. [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?Population control maybe?
its the flu and normies are brainwashed
 Fake or real?Real Are you going to take a vaccine?No. I'm under  with no health problems. I don't need it. I'm not worried about COVID- Should the state mandate masks?No. Should the state mandate a vaccine?No.
Lick dat boot m
 Fake or real?Real Are you going to take a vaccine?No not until a year or so has passed. If ever. Should the state mandate masks?Yes Should the state mandate a vaccine?No
fake and gay
-real=not unless I have to=meh=no=suspiciousThe virus is an awfully suspicious burden upon health care providersIt shouldn't be dismissed as a hoaxIt seems almost too good to be true as a tool of controlMasks are a small concessionKeep your eyes on the prize
 Fake or real?Fake Are you going to take a vaccine?For what? Should the state mandate masks?No.  Should the state mandate a vaccine?Vaxx don’t work at the best of times.  [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?thinkThere’s undeniable proof of this.
 Fake or real?real but overestimated probably a Chinese bioweapon. Are you going to take a vaccine?whatever they're going to issue is going to be rushed so no Should the state mandate masks?no Should the state mandate a vaccine?no [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?could be genuine philanthropy
 Fake or real?Real Are you going to take a vaccine?The last flu vaccine (Pandemrix in ) rolled out here en-masse caused narcolepsy in young people, so no. But the vaccine will go to risk groups primarily before the youth get a chance at it Should the state mandate masks?No Should the state mandate a vaccine?No
lmao? med packs are much more likely to be shillbots due to your central European laying.
Real, My grand aunt was one of the Australian casualtiesNope, I have MS, my immune system is so strong its eating my own body, kung-flu has no chanceYep, because people are fucking idiotsI don't think about it at all.
Covid is great and I keep memeflag shilling against masks because I hope more americans will die to it.
 Fake or real? Real, but planned Are you going to take a vaccine?No, unless I'm unable to work Should the state mandate masks?No Should the state mandate a vaccine?FUCK no [Optional] What do you of think Bill Gates's role in bankrolling a push for rapid deployment of a vaccine to everyone in the world?Bill is a slimy fuck who knows what he's up to.
Fake or real ?Real but not as dangerous as the fake news media claimsat least not for white people I dont give a fuck about chinks and niggersWe've had the flu for thousands of yearstheir expirience with it is not as widethey are far more likely to die from it Vaccines no fuck nomasks I am actually OK with themat least you get the gypsies that dont have masks out of the busses +its a great way to insult minorities by putting your masks whenever you are near oneand removing it once they are gonethey should know they stinkbill gatesBill Gates is a kike
/cvg/ - Corona Virus General #4489
Dead: ,lol, still only ,.How many days has it been stuck at ,? Four days? Five days?
FRIENDLY REMINDER: Wuhan Coronavirus was manufactured by the CCP as a bioweapon!
thank you Gary
You're very welcome. Keep in mind that if you have any problems, talk to me and I will help you.
I fucking hate that nigger
Gary how can i plant a cow tree?
[NEWS]South Africa % excess deaths imply hidden SARS tollSouth Africa witnessed some , extra deaths from natural causes or % more than would normally be expected between early May and mid-July, scientists said, suggesting many more people are dying of COVID- than shown in official figures.New data by the South African Medical Research Council (SAMRC), released overnight, showed that just in the week to July  - the latest figures available - there was an excess of , deaths by natural causes, about half more than usual.Africa's most industrialised nation is in the middle of a runaway epidemic of the coronavirus, with cases increasing by more than , day and the current total approaching ,.But its recorded death toll is low, at , deaths or less than . percent of cases.http://archive.is/bcmfgIndoor gyms and pools in England start to reopenIndoor gyms, swimming pools and sports facilities in England have started to reopen in the latest easing of the coronavirus lockdown.But the leisure sector has warned it will still struggle because of the financial impact of the pandemic.At least a third of public facilities are expected to remain shut.Gyms must follow strict hygiene and social distancing measures, such as limiting the number of people using the facility and spacing out equipment.Facilities should also reduce class sizes and ensure adequate ventilation, according to government guidance issued earlier this month.http://archive.is/nwDbCReportanon's latest news and reports:
https://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/a/qLmEo/taxi-korde-in-i-folkmassa--tre-till-sjukhusMan drove into a crowd seemingly with the intention of only hitting one personWas dragged out of the car after hitting the crowd by people thereCitizens arrest so obviously not aggressiveNow if this doesn't scream "act of impulse" when he was fucking driving into a crowd with the intention of hitting one person THEN JUST DIDN'T DRIVE AWAY FROM THERE OR HAD THE DOORS LOCKED
Turns out the US is the gayest country in the world no healthcare  get rekt by some flu



https://live.aftonbladet.se/supernytt/news/fbdaabedeebAnother earthquake in Sweden, we're still not above abnormal numbers tho but this one is labeled "pretty strong"
oasis won the battlebut blur won the war, argie

Yes, but it all depends on what it uses, doesn't it. If this uses Actin, which considering it's high affinity for muscle type nAChR, seems very likely it's spliced with rabies.Then the fact that the nAChR binding is homologous to rabies and nothing else, as well as it's filopodia and immune suppressioTon answer... I sadly do not have the time to read the different articles...But a few general remarks about "endocytosis":This is a fancy term used to describe the cellular uptake of large bio-molecule. However, much of the details remain unknown and our understanding is quite limited. Some people tried to classified the endocytosis in different type depending on the proteins involved... but this is not very relevant as the mechanism seems to be "fluid" (I don't have a better term).It is also very difficult to study endocytosis. They often inhibit one proteins and check if the endocytosis still happens. If not, the bio-molecule is declared to be uptake via a mechanism dependent on the specific protein. However, the inhibitors used are generally poorly specific, which make this kind of study almost irrelevant.My overall point: you cannot declare that  virus are similar based only on a overall similarity between the endocytosis only.
https://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/a/Adpk/sjukvardspersonal-pa-akutmottagning-coronasmittadLots of nurses at an ER positive for SARS-Worked despite mild symptoms etcStupid cunts.I can't believe I'm gonna agree with a memeflag.. But yeah, Blur won the war.


https://www.cnn.com////us/texas-starr-county-hospital-coronavirus/index.htmlDoctors at a Texas hospital along the US-Mexico border may decide to send coronavirus patients "home to die by their loved ones" due to limited resources, officials say.
My overall point: you cannot declare that  virus are similar based only on a overall similarity between the endocytosis only.If it's using actin for it it's not just an overall similarity, but it's not just endocytosis, is it?The postfusion shape could induce antibodies that do not neutralize the virus. In effect, the spikes in this form may act as decoys that distract the immune system.Well well well, rabies is getting more and more likely.https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/G binds cellular receptors and facilitates cellular entry via direct fusion with the cellular membrane []. Moreover, G is the only protein that can induce virus-neutralizing antibodies (VNAs).Then of course, we look at that specific region of SARS- Spike protein, as well as SAg like properties of it and the immuno suppressionhttp://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qEstimates of binding energy suggest that Y-R, forms stable complexes with all three nAChR subtypes, but has highest affinity for the muscle-type receptorhttp://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qThis close sequence similarity to both bacterial and viral SAgs, in support of the potential superantigenic character of the amino acid stretch Y-R of SARS-CoV- S directed us to further analyze its local sequence and structural properties.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#Similarities between sialic acid and N-acetylgluocosamine binding.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qhttp://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qIFR- blocking IFN both in SARS- and Rabies.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qFilopodia working the same way in SARS- and Rabies.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qSome other gems, as well as more Rabies homology.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qAnd it ain't HIV, just look at this.
Hey Gary, I want a cute girlfriend of pure European heritage who is fluent in English, German and Japanese and would enjoy talking with me about Jews. Please help.
you're trying to talk sense into the resident chinkshillwon't work
I haven't seen that one
I'm not going back to instagram to search for rares again after that incident.
triage is a bitch
So is the US the last major country that is still dealing with Corona? It sounds like most other countries have gotten it under control.
Reminder that Texas has this, and you can see their accident reports.http://archive.plebs.org/pol/thread//#qBUT HEY LETS LOOK AT SOME RECENT ACCIDENTS AND ALL PRETEND IT'S ENTIRELY IMPOSSIBLE THAT THE NEUROLOGICAL ASPECT OF THE VIRUS HAS ANYTHING AT ALL TO DO WITH THIS SINCE MOST OF YOU ARE REALLY FUCKING GOOD AT IT AT THIS POINT.ANY TIPS? I ALSO WANT TO PRETEND NOTHING IS WRONGhttps://www.sutliffstout.com/houston-accidents/three-customers-injured-after-vehicle-crashed-into-a-starbucks/Three people are now injured after a vehicle crashed into a Starbucks in Coppell Thursday morning.https://www.sutliffstout.com/houston-accidents/two-people-dead-in-overnight-crash-in-south-austin/According to police, a driver headed the wrong way in the northbound lanes collided with a truck carrying a trailer. A fire consumed both vehicles as a result of the collision.https://www.sutliffstout.com/houston-accidents/one-vehicle-wreck-left-two-injured-in-shelby-county/The accident happened on FM , west of FM . At around : a.m., a BMW was traveling west at unsafe speeds when it crossed over the eastbound lane and drove off the road. It then struck a tree.https://www.sutliffstout.com/houston-accidents/man-killed-in-fatal-auto-pedestrian-wreck/The accident happened on Texas Highway / near Groves. A man, , was walking across the highway around : a.m. when he was struck by a  Infinity driven by a -year-old Orrin Landers from Orange. Landers was traveling westbound on Highway  south of Rainbow bridge when he struck the man.https://www.sutliffstout.com/houston-accidents/teenager-injured-after-a-two-vehicle-crash-in-lubbock/The accident happened around  a.m. at FM  and CR  when a pickup headed southbound on CR  failed to yield and collided into an SUV going west on FM .BECAUSE  OUT OF  LATEST ACCIDENTS SINCE JULY , ONCOMING LANE AND DRIVING INTO STORES SURE IS NORMAL
Got any proof of that?
Thanks for that. I put it aside but forgot to post itlastAnon i...
https://www.biorxiv.org/content/./...v.full.pdf The earliest evidence of Aa in Europe was from Germany (Germany/BavPat/ sequence deposited on th January). By the end of January, .% of all submitted sequences from East Asia, % of all in Europe and % of all in North America were of non-Aa subtypes with D.  The Aa (G) subtype was then present at a very low frequency in East Asia ( sequences), Europe ( sequence) and absent in North America.  Dramatic changes in the viral landscape took place very rapidly. By the end of February, the frequency of Aa rose from % to .% in Europe and from % to .% in North America.  Contrastingly, the Aa landscape remained low in China (<% in February) and other East Asian countries (only  Aa sequence out of  sequences deposited by the end of February); Figure  and Supplementary Figure . The Aa - G subtype continued to rise in frequency replacing all previously frequent non-Aa-D subtype in Europe (% in March comprising  sequences) and in North-America (% in March comprising  sequences) to become the most dominant subtype.  Sequence submission from East Asia dropped drastically in March possibly indicating control of the COVID- disease
Thanks Gary~!
How's your theory going?
Some updates:- , new cases and  new deaths in Ukraine-  new case in Latvia-  new cases in Estonia -  new cases and  new deaths in Armenia- , new cases and  new deaths in Russia-  new cases and  new deaths in Kyrgyzstan-  new cases in Hungary-  new cases and  new deaths in the United States more cases and my Slavland would break its record.Still, it spiked over k. Guess we'll be doing crappy and half-assed shutdowns again.
Incident?
Better late than never.
http://archive.is/GyNTEIn a Cell paper this month, Bette Korber and colleagues at Los Alamos National Laboratory showed that G has become more common in almost every nation and region they looked at, whereas D is virtually gone (see graphic, below). That might be a sign that it’s outcompeted by G, but it could also be a coincidence. “Any one mutation may rise to very high frequency across the world, just because of random chance,” says Kristian Andersen, a computational biologist at Scripps Research. “This happens all the time.”Comparing the spread of different viral variants carrying the two mutations could reveal a difference. The United Kingdom’s COVID- Genomics Consortium has sequenced , SARS-CoV- genomes, allowing scientists to compare how fast  lineages carrying the G mutation and  with D spread. They estimated that the former grew . times faster than the latter—but the statistical significance was low. “Evidence for a difference is weak and if it does exist, the estimated effect is moderate,” says evolutionary biologist Andrew Rambaut of the University of Edinburgh.An uncontrolled transmission experiment has already taken place on Dutch mink farms, where the new coronavirus jumped from humans to minks at least five separate times. Twice it was the D variant, and three times G, Koopmans says. She hopes data from the outbreaks could show whether either one spread faster and wider than the other. But the experiment doesn’t have the rigor of a lab study, she concedes. “We have a natural experiment here. The study design is not optimal.”Whether G is more transmissible or not, it has become the dominant strain and the world is living with it, Rambaut says. Most recent estimates of the virus reproduction number—which denotes how well it spreads—are already based mostly on the mutant strain. “What we don’t know is whether D would have been different,“ Rambaut says.
You're very welcome ,Anonymouse. Keep in mind that if you have any problems, talk to me and I will help you.
Yeah, I was searching for rares and a disgusting whale cosplayed as her and I almost puked from the disgust.Ain't touching that place again, I think that lardass had triple chins, ugh
Idk, seems fine. Has anyone found a stash of neglected G sequences in a drawer at Wuhan CDC?How's yours going?Anyway, I feel like reposting shit today.  NNLDSKV motif matches a surface protein motif from plasmodium falciparum (malaria)http://archive.is/RFZE
you're not the real gary
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/This close sequence similarity to both bacterial and viral SAgs, in support of the potential superantigenic character of the amino acid stretch Y-R of SARS-CoV- S directed us to further analyze its local sequence and structural properties.The “PRRA” insert in SARS-CoV- spike exhibits sequence and structure properties similar to those of bacterial superantigen SEB.this putative SAg core is structurally consolidated by spatial proximity to a conserved acidic segment, ECD, which forms a highly stable salt bridge with the polybasic segment PRRAR of SARS-CoV- S, much in the same way as to the salt bridge observed in SEB (but not in SARS S).https://www.biorxiv.org/content/./...vThe region with the highest uptake was the hypothalamus at . µl/g and the region with the lowest uptake was the midbrain at . µl/g. This widespread uptake throughout the brain supports the consideration that the central nervous system may be contributing to many of the diverse effects of S and/or SARS-CoV- such as encephalitis, respiratory difficulties, and anosmia.Inflammation can increase the passage of substances across the BBB by a variety of mechanisms, including stimulation of adsorptive transcytosisMost brain regions had an arithmetic, non-statistically significant decrease in I-S uptake with LPS treatment, although two regions (olfactory bulb and hippocampus) did reach statistical significance.But LPS should help it enter neurons if it was HIV like.. unless.I-S completely crosses the BBB to enter brain tissue and enters in all regions of the brain. WGA agglutinin enhances uptake of I-S by brain and by peripheral tissues, suggesting transport across the BBB involves sialic acid or Nacetylglucosamine and likely uses the transcytotic mechanism of adsorptive transcytosis.As for sialic acid and N-acetylgluocosamine? Yeah.. 
is this the next step in your master plan?adopt my theories, and claim them as your own, and then shit them up?
From your South africa article if the  thousand predicted are real you get a mortality rate of ,% in what i assume to be a county full of young people compared to some euro countries. Numbers seem plausibleShit honestly. After connecting the big dots i can't see why the small dots don't exist. Places like greece and some southeast asia. Bubonic plague in mongolia seems to be doing great
Ugh
Yes, ugh.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
 Mongoliathat whole region bears watchingchinks are now paying for anti-Putin agitators in the far eastlooks for all the world like the prelude to WWII, except now it's the chinks threatening Russia and hoping their bluff won't be called, not the japs

That might be a sign that it’s outcompeted by G, but it could also be a coincidence. “Any one mutation may rise to very high frequency across the world, just because of random chance,”Twice it was the D variant, and three times GThey estimated that the former grew . times faster than the latter—but the statistical significance was low.I want to bring attention to this.I also want to point out that the theory of DG being more infectious started at Los Alamos and unless certain people here are working there, I don't really see how DG would be any other theory than theirs. I do remember Dutchie had a bit of a different spin on it.But it sort of makes sense if certain people here could be Los Alamos shitposting chink scientists trying to push their own, so far still non peer-reviewed shit that's only corroborated by a few poo papers, which btw also released the retarded HIV insert study which has by now been disproved over and over especially with the latest nAChR development, which while still in pre-print last time I looked, it's entirely new and not just an update on research from April. https://news.yahoo.com/arrest-of-los-alamos-scientist-opens-new-front-in-crackdown-on-chinese-infiltration-of-us-labs-.htmlArrest of Los Alamos scientist opens new front in crackdown on Chinese infiltration of U.S. labshttps://www.aikenstandard.com/news/former-los-alamos-worker-pleads-guilty-in-chinese-incentives-case/article_bfeea-a-ea-adb-ddbf.htmlFormer Los Alamos worker pleads guilty in Chinese incentives caseHmm...
Someone's gona find the new ones from there eventually
Putin was deepening diplomatic ties with mongolia last monthbears
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
big eventually
there's a study from Washington state which neatly shows G outcompeting D in the space of a couple months after introduction D variant was spread in Washington state in late Feb via someone on the Death Princesshttp://archive.is/Tvbyou would be hard-pressed to find newly-submitted D sequences from Washington today... in fact there aren't any afaik
there is also  D G amino acid change at spike protein position ) i) underwent a significant demographic expansion in most countries not explained by stochastic effects or enhanced pathogenicityhttp://archive.is/vEbit's just... more infectivemaybe because its spike flips open more often Distinct conformational states of SARS-CoV- spike protein - "open" position may stabilize virions and confuse immune responsehttps://archive.is/NyRhf

to clarify, in the folded position a spike with D is more stable than one with Gbut the spike needs to unfold, to infectkinda like modding a gun to have a "hair" trigger
http://archive.is/TvbThe predicted genomic sequence of that progenitor virus was consistent with that from the first U.S. case of imported COVID-, which occurred in a man who arrived in Seattle from Wuhan, China, on January  and became ill  days later. However, it is also possible that the Washington State clade arose from a virus with a similar or identical sequence from another person with SARS-CoV- infection. Analysis of viruses in California and the northeastern United States from February through mid-March suggested that there had been several importations of virus, primarily from Europe, followed by transmission of virus within the United States.Two notable cases of COVID- occurred in Santa Clara County, California: one in a woman who became ill on January  and died on February  and another in an unrelated man who died at home between February  and . Neither had traveled internationally in the weeks preceding their deaths.Outbreaks of COVID- occurred during two consecutive voyages of a Grand Princess cruise ship (). The genomic sequence of viruses from these outbreaks was within the Washington State clade, suggesting that a passenger or crew member infected with that virus was aboard the ship when it left the Port of San Francisco on February  for a round-trip cruise. Then we have pic related, so we can see that clearly the D variant is the most common in Washington since if we're counting the chinks genomes in that way, we should count all of them that way.https://www.biorxiv.org/content/./...v.full.pdfDG mutation is recognized by monoclonal antibodies isolated from recovered individuals, who had been infected with the original SARS-CoVThe earliest DG mutation in Europe was identified in Germany, and it was accompanied by the C-to-T mutation at ,, but not by the mutation at ,. The origin of the G clade, the G form of the virus was also found  times in China among early samples

your pic shows massive prevalence of G after like, end of March or so
If it's using actin for it it's not just an overall similarity, but it's not just endocytosis, is it?Actin is a protein used to maintain the shape of a cell. It is like the skeleton of a cell.In endocytosis, actin helps to create the invagination leading to the endocytosis. Thus, actin is not a very specific protein... In fact, I don't know if an anctin-indepent endocytosis mechanism has been thoroughly demonstrated.And to be clear, the virus does not bind directly to actin. So, overall, an actin-depent endocytosis is not something unique for viruses... it is in fact what is expected for bio-molecule of this size. So no, it doesn't show any surprising similarity between this  viruses.On another notes. You should be very careful when you interpret cellular uptake experiments. Indeed, in cellular assays, the cells have a D organization... which is extremely different than a D (organization in living organisms)! Especially in term of membrane proteins and uptake.In addition, the cell lines are usually well established cell lines. Which means, cells who proliferate indefinitely, or in other words, cancerous cells. And cancerous cells are very different than normal cells, especially when it come about uptake.
why does cvg still exist lol
because you touch yourself at night thinking of Xi's cocksucking lips
based
The unexpected features may help SARS-CoV- hide from the immune system and survive longer in the environment. They may also have implications for vaccine and therapeutic development.Intriguingly, they also found that the spike protein sometimes goes from its original "before" shape into the "after" form prematurely, without the virus binding to the ACE receptor.Being able to assume this alternate shape even without binding to a cell may help keep SARS-CoV- viable in the environment, preventing it from breaking down when it lands on a surface for example. That could explain why the virus appears to remain viable on various surfaces for hours to days.The postfusion shape could induce antibodies that do not neutralize the virus. In effect, the spikes in this form may act as decoys that distract the immune system."We propose that there are two routes for the conformational changes. One is ACE dependent, and allows the virus to enter a host cell. The second is ACE independent.""The researchers speculate that having some spikes assume the post-fusion form prematurely may also protect SARS-CoV- from our immune system, inducing antibodies that are non-neutralizing and ineffective in containing the virus."Article:https://archive.vn/MxCPaper:https://archive.is/NyRhfSo here we can see that /ourgirl/ actually doesn't need a trigger, since she can switch how much she wants between the two positions at will.So why do you keep saying that the chinks aren't showing the same? Mind you, all but one D genome is from Wuhan here.https://nextstrain.org/ncov/global?c=gt-S_&dmin=--&f_country=China
Good explanation
https://jvi.asm.org/content///Uptake of Rabies Virus into Epithelial Cells by Clathrin-Mediated Endocytosis Depends upon ActinBut some seem to do that you know, and considering the homologies between the spike proteins as you saw in that post, yeah.But I do understand your point and will take that in mind, I just tend to get very giddy the more homology one finds.

What, so the family can get infected too?
So here we can see that /ourgirl/ actually doesn't need a trigger, since she can switch how much she wants between the two positions at will.Btw, what is your education level?To my knowledge, many proteins can switch between different positions... it is just a question of equilibrium.If a part of a protein is too flexible, the human immune system will probably target another specific position.I don't want to be pretentious. But we should not over-interpret studies. Especially on covid-, because there is so many publication, sometimes from people far from the field.

Btw, what is your education level?Your fucking mom. Go read the research instead of being a cunt, it's also interestingly enough that the other part seems to bind to something else, which is most likely nAChR and has the SAg like properties, and just like fucking RGP it even has the antibody neutralizing properties. In the same way, but you're just gonna keep disagreeing with me, you're gonna try and sound all high and mighty without even ever looking at the research.I mean, if we're supposed to be wary of the research and not over-interpret studies, remember that DG is all in vitro and while it did become the dominant one, there's recombination that needs to be accounted for and in vivo, like with the minks, we've seen  D transmissions to humans and  G, not that big of a difference.So wouldn't you agree on that fact? That we should take the, still non peer-reviewed after months, research of DG with a grain of salt?
k dead in NYCwill any state or country top that?
Record numbers of coronavirus cases in every global regionAlmost  countries have reported record single-day increases in coronavirus infections over the past week, around double the number that did so the previous week, according to a Reuters tally showing a pick-up in the pandemic in every region of the world.The rate of cases has been increasing not only in countries like the United States, Brazil and India, which have dominated global headlines with large outbreaks, but in Australia, Japan, Hong Kong, Bolivia, Sudan, Ethiopia, Bulgaria, Belgium, Uzbekistan and Israel, among others. http://archive.is/hen

nvm some countries do. NYC has deaths like a country though.
Moar updates:-  new death in Hong Kong-  new cases and  new death in Austria-  new cases in Singapore- , new cases and  new deaths in Indonesia - , new cases and  new deaths in the Philippines- , new cases and  new deaths in India

https://tengrinews.kz/kazakhstan_news/-tyisyachi-sluchaev-pnevmonii-mogut-vklyuchit-obschuyu-/ thousand cases of pneumonia may not be included in the general statistics from August On the Khabar  TV channel, in the Round Table with Rakhim Oshakbayev program, the minister said that there are , cases of coronavirus in Kazakhstan. , people recovered.From January , almost to the current moment, there have been , cases of pneumonia.WHO drew attention to this and developed a separate code that allows you to code pneumonia cases that have similar symptoms to coronavirus infection. "We will show the coronavirus, which was officially detected according to the test results. Plus, we will separately show pneumonia, which has similar symptoms to the coronavirus. Including mortality,"Now we have general figures, as I told you. General figures, which are of a mixed nature, where we see all types of pneumonia," the minister added"At the moment, we start statistics from August , and cases will be added as these data appear every day,"You tell me
tfw my country needed just  more cases to get into the listtfw recordlet
https://www.rt.com/usa/-george-floyd-jesus-comparisons-ouch/“Both Jesus and George Floyd were repeatedly mocked by their killers,” the writer observed, adding that both called out for a parent (Jesus his divine father, and Floyd his mother) before dying – practically twins! Other comparisons were even more forced: “The cause of death of a person crucified on a raised cross was usually asphyxiation,” the writer noted, adding “the body’s weight hanging from the nails over a period of time makes it impossible to breathe,” before quoting the now-ubiquitous final words of Floyd: “I can’t breathe.”This is just fucking gold.
Your fucking mom. Go read the research instead of being a cunt,I am just asking dude.I do not believe that someone with a high education level is somehow superior than the rest. Many people with almost no education are still very smart and could have way more interesting opinion than "educated".Nevertheless, if you want to interpret all the data coming on covid-, you need to have a certain theoretical baggage. I don't know you and just wanted to know if you have this baggage... didn't want to offend youThat we should take the, still non peer-reviewed after months, research of DG with a grain of salt?yes
Nothing burger
These twitter comments man, kind of based.
 PREASE NO THINK ABOUT WILUS THINK ABOUT NIGGER INSTEAD
 NIGGERS NIGGERSNIGGERSNIGGERSNIGGERSNIGGERSNIGGERSNIGGERSNIGGERSNIGGERSNIGGERS NO WILUS ONLY NIGGERS
I am just asking dude.I do not believe that someone with a high education level is somehow superior than the rest. Many people with almost no education are still very smart and could have way more interesting opinion than "educated".Alright, for a Swede I have a decent education and considering I'm working as a private contractor for the national emergency services of Sweden, I wouldn't say I'm uneducated really. Nevertheless, if you want to interpret all the data coming on covid-, you need to have a certain theoretical baggage. Agreed.I don't know you and just wanted to know if you have this baggage... didn't want to offend youThen I'm sorry for lashing out, and yes, I do have that.So why do you keep saying that the chinks aren't showing the same? Mind you, all but one D genome is from Wuhan here.https://nextstrain.org/ncov/global?c=gt-S_&dmin=--&f_country=China
Ching Chong Chang ferrow whites. China is safe to visit now prease come to Beijing very beautifur prace. COVID- is American bioweapon not Chinese we are perfectry hearthy.
trusting circlejerk called "peer-reviewed" while schizo's rants pulled "established" psychology, social science, and numerous shit from the bedrock
 why do you keep saying that the chinks aren't showing the same?because you're filtering out all the sequences that were added before the end of March, you piece of absolute shit
 https://nextstrain.org/ncov/global?c=gt-S_&dmin=--&f_country=China &dmin=-- &dmin=-- &dmin=--
compare withhttps://nextstrain.org/ncov/global?c=gt-S_&f_country=China
quite the dramatic differenceI wonder, when did the chinks start lying on this issue? could it be, just after they got caught spreading a novel version of the novel virus to the West?
This shows more of G after like, beginning of March or so.https://nextstrain.org/ncov/global?c=gt-S_&f_country=ChinaMarch th is end of Marchpic relatedYou mean the chinks that uploaded the most G genomes in January, then flooded everything with D in February and then stopped?
Why did you remove the tree and not include that? I could do that with Washington too.pic relatedLook, Washington doesn't have the majority of D because I can also remove the Clade and just pretend this little graph shows what's spreading right now!
 chinks that uploaded the most G genomes in January the mostthree?
Moderna goes to phase  Monday. Nice.
Fuck off and die already
the tree shows the same thing lol, pie chart just condenses it down, shows just a proportion, namely way more D than G in chinklandbut of course you will keep denying this in the face of evidence, keep trying to distort interpretation of the actual evidence even, because that's part of your job
hey luvs im back. My life is in ruins, and alot of powerful people hate me. But i dont give a fuck Hahaha <
< Dont fuck around. Op is a faggot.
Germany uploaded one. What's your point? You've claimed DG was sequenced first in Germany, but here we can see it wasn't. You claimed it was introduced there, but here we see in January Germany had one and the chinks had three. Then they flooded the genome uploading from mostly the Wuhan lab, and then stopped entirely. Isn't that weird?But why doesn't the same thing show that D is more prevalent in Washington then? I mean, you're still saying you should count  of the genomes that was uploaded before the mutation was first sequenced in showing what spread after?So why does it show Washington had more D since it shows massive prevalence of G after March as you say here But when looking at the chinks data, we should do the opposite as you claim here Look, isn't the question what was spreading after introduction of DG to the entire world? So shouldn't we then just use data from when the mutation was first sequenced? That was in January, and as you can see here  it was sequenced  times in chinkland and once in Germany. pic relatedThis is a good example, look at those pie charts. That's out of  genomes. But if we change the date to somewhere in February, the pie charts starts changing.https://nextstrain.org/ncov/global?c=gt-S_&dmin=--&f_country=Hong%Kong,Taiwan&p=gridBecause at that point, we're seeing what was spreading after the introduction of DG.https://nextstrain.org/ncov/global?c=gt-S_&dmin=--&f_country=Hong%Kong,Taiwan&p=gridSince March, both Taiwan and Hong Kong has had more DG. https://nextstrain.org/ncov/global?c=gt-S_&dmin=--&f_country=Hong%Kong,Taiwan&p=gridMid March, Hong Kong had ONLY DG. See why it's retarded to use data from the entire Pandemic to see what's spreading later in the Pandemic?
InterestingA man who spent  days in a Southern California hospital while being treated for COVID- is sharing his story as a warning for others to take the virus seriously – after he suffered severe complications, including the amputation of most of his fingers.He ticked off a long list of complications he suffered as a consequence of the respiratory illness: “from MRSA, to sepsis, to kidney failure, to liver failure, pulmonary embolisms, burst lungs — four of them.”Garfield had all fingers on his right hand amputated and most of his left hand’s fingers removed.His surgeon, Dr. David Kulber of Cedars Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, said the amputations are a result of how the virus impacts patients’ blood flow.The medical cost for those procedures will be on top of the $ million hospital bill for his two-month stay, though most of that was covered by insurance. Moving forward, his prosthetics won’t be covered.http://archive.is/ZncoLThe mayor of Mexico City warned on Friday of a possible resurgence of coronavirus cases in the sprawling capital in the coming months, noting that hospitalizations have been on the rise in recent days.Mayor Claudia Sheinbaum told a press conference that in the last five days hospitalizations had increased. At this rate, she cautioned, hospitalization levels by October could exceed those registered in June, at the height of the pandemic.“It is important to recognize that if we do not change the trend, there could be exponential growth” in cases, she said.http://archive.is/FGZdUkraine reported , new cases of the coronavirus within a -hour period, the highest daily toll since a record on June , when it reached ,, Health Minister Maksym Stepanov said on Saturday.http://archive.is/NoLVietnam, which had gone  days without reporting a SARS case saw a -year-old grandfather in Danang test positive. How he got the illness remains a mysteryhttp://archive.is/AUNJ
the gloves are coming off Chinese UC Davis visiting researcher charged in Sacramento with lying about military tieshttps://www.sacbee.com/news/local/article.htmlcurrently holed up in chink consulate in SF US officials force entry into shuttered Chinese consulate in Houston soon after evicted staff left https://www.rt.com/usa/-china-consulate-houston-entry/so now we know why they were burning papers lol
 You've claimed DG was sequenced first in Germanyi said first detection IN EUROPE, you piece of shit
oh shit sorry they actually got herhttps://www.sacbee.com/news/california/article.html
Three is very low and strengthens your theory. But is plausible deniability an important factor for a biowar? Would you fabricate videos of a fake happening in china to pretend the spread was unintentional? How far would you go and how far would you need to go?  years of fake antics while you wait for the weapon to develop inside your enemies countries and bodies? Three is too little to think they have it in china. They had already lied to the team of scientists that went there to snoop so why would they half-ass the gisaid data? If they had dg like europe the death toll would be insurmountable by now specially with the amount of natural disasters occurring in chinkland. Where were the early cases of pneumonia outside of china that should have become widespread given the RI'm just messing with you two but i hope that will show why both your theories are fine instead of trying feces at each other every time, many ties cause you misread or misinterpret something from each others texts

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVQdnkkvTk
  years of fake antics while you wait for the weapon to develop inside your enemies countries and bodies? ? ? ? it would be a very Chinese thing to do.just sit back, assume a very aggressive defense posture, and wait for your adversaries' social fabric to completely rip and tearmaybe nudge things a bit here and therestart a new riotspread a new variant
Moderna also lost a big patent fight and its future is not so bright.
Nice Corona Baileys you got there, would be a shame if i didnt drink them from a shoe
I mean, you see what he's doing right? He's saying you should count what is spreading in Washington entirely different from how he counts China? He says Washington shows more DG after March so in his logic DG is spreading there.Then he says that because the chinks shows more DG early March, and by end of March _ONLY_ DG in his logic that means DG is not(?) spreading in chinkland?Anywho, interesting links, will go through them.i said first detection IN EUROPE, you piece of shitOh shit, I didn't know that chinkland is in Europe? see Also, is that really all you have to say about that entire post? You don't see why it's retarded to use data from the entire Pandemic to see what's spreading later in the Pandemic?You really saying that we should see what's spreading in Washington differently from what's spreading in chinkland? Three is very low and strengthens your theory. Europe had FUCKING ONE. The fucking chinks choose which to upload, no? % of genomes in March was DG in chinkland and it wasn't even % in Europe by then.If they had dg like europe the death toll would be insurmountable by nowYou mean like Sweden? We've practically only got DG and still.. idk? Maybe we're lying about or numbers but we're kind of an open country in terms of censorship unlike the chinks, so if we could lie about it so can the chinks you fucking stupid cunt.specially with the amount of natural disasters occurring in chinkland. Where were the early cases of pneumonia outside of china that should have become widespread given the RExcept you're still ignoring recombination, that's a thing with this virus you know? That means that ANYONE that was infected with D and was exposed to G has a high chance of recombination meaning their genome, when sequenced, will be G. See my point? And do we really even have death numbers for the flooding?
There's reason to believe the virus was intended as a reasonably controllable weapon, with limited lethality and strong spread. I think it was an accidental release in China, but they designed it to be controllable with strong lockdowns to mitigate the risk of it boomeranging; if they just wanted max death and spread, some kind of hyperengineered fast-pneumonia antibiotic-resistant plague would do, planted someplace like an airport or train station. It's telling how quickly, from the first cases to the lockdown, it went once the central party became involved; if it weren't a bioweapon, they might've tried to suppress news of it internally and externally longer like the local party did with whistleblowers. Instead, they alerted the WHO but downplayed the severity, so that people would not take action until it was already too late, enabling the spreadI think the virus is only half of the chink angle, the other half being social engineering to encourage the spread and forward a divisive and anti-intellectual agenda in the US, and create the grounds for the virus to spread. Hence anti-masking, downplaying the severity of the virus, astroturfing the whole race riots, etc.
Also, is that really all you have to say about that entire post? yes. can't really discuss with someone who keeps twisting my words, as you are doing right now I just point it out and move onI said, and keep saying, that the first time S:DG mutation was detected outside of china was in Bavaria in Februaryand this simple fact is somehow so explosive, so anathema to you, that you keep twisting and turning every which way and trying to obfuscate it
A lot of these problems seem to stem from systematic propaganda and wealth based oppression not allowing for workers to have free time or provide for their families emotionally. They make a big point about not letting male and female politics divide people then go on to write an essay explaining how you can feel impassioned to be more pissy about it. Just find a decent partner, take in two incomes by working well but not constantly, do your best to find a system to exploit wealth instead of grinding, and enjoy, it's what I'm doing and what anyone else could be doing too instead of complaining.
first kino of the day: Platoon
Europe had FUCKING ONE. The fucking chinks choose which to upload, no? % of genomes in March was DG in chinkland and it wasn't even % in Europe by then.Furthermore, which is most likely?The chinks stopped uploading because some provinces kept uploading the DG genome which if more infectious would mean that the chinks knew how infectious it was and let it spread, making them even more fucking malicious and evil.orThe chinks stopped uploading genomes after uploading % DG in March as a way to pretend they didn't have DG and then seeded Europe with it so that they could pretend they didn't have the more infectious strain and then pretend they were introduced to it in Beijing after already having uploaded % DG in March and then stopped so they could pretend that it was introduced in Beijing by Europe? I said, and keep saying, that the first time S:DG mutation was detected outside of china was in Bavaria in FebruaryYes. I agree. But it was also already sequenced more in January. Then look at  and see that it was sequenced in Italy, France and the UK before Germany.and this simple fact is somehow so explosive, so anathema to you, that you keep twisting and turning every which way and trying to obfuscate itBut I agree with it, I'm just saying that the chinks had it too, and that they intentionally let it spread knowing full well how infectious it was, so they're trying to lie about not having it so that they can pretend to be victims of DG as well and blame Europe for it now in Beijing. They are already pushing that you know? Saying that they were infected by Europe in Beijing by imported cases? Their next step would be to say that if they knew how infectious this really was, they would've warned the world so that they can pretend to be victims in the eyes of the world. I mean, even the fucking "hug a chink shit" they did helps them with this.
but they designed it to be controllable with strong lockdowns to mitigate the risk of it boomerangingHow do you design such a thing?If China can do that, it means their biotechnology is far beyond the rest of the scientific world.Because, looking at the virus sequence, there is no way that it has been developed with our current tools.
Good morning Anons. How are you doing? Stay safe from the coof.
Because, looking at the virus sequence, there is no way that it has been developed with our current tools.This is retarded, all this really requires is some horizontal gene transfers from rabies with SARS and voila, a SARS virus with all the capabilities of this.Horizontal gene transfers isn't impossible and neither is cultivating the strain to get it to do what they want? However, what it mutated to in the last months in the way it uses our proteins to mutate and suppress the immune response, that was most likely not part of the original plan for the bioweapon they were making.
 I agreeso why lie about what I wrote? it was also already sequenced more in January. three sequences in China But I agree with it, I'm just saying that the chinks had it too, and that they intentionally let it spread knowing full well how infectious it was, so they're trying to lie about not having it so that they can pretend to be victims of DG as well and blame Europe for it now in Beijingyou ARE adopting it you little shitand now you will begin remixing it with RABIESRABIESRABIES and geomagnetic storms until it looks like just another of _your_ schizo theories and is discredited along with the rest of them
*deep breath*"Avinu Malkeinu Mena Mageifah M’Nachlasecha" **Our Father, our King, withhold plague from Your People
 NOOO you can't ask these ten year old kids to sit at a desk all day, on their computer!normies are funny
 Kikar H'Shabbos reportingis there a more semitic-sounding name? that's basically Kike McChosenite

do these schools not have fields or parks nearby? Why can't they put half of the classes out side and rotate them?
my sides
because it's a huge fucking liability to be crossing the street with  preteens in towwhat if little Cleetus runs into traffic and Janequa sues the school?
so why lie about what I wrote?What? I'm not, you clearly said that you should use all data for chinkland to see what they have after they stopped uploading sequences but if we do it for Washington we should only look at what's prevalent after March? That makes no sense.three sequences in ChinaOne in Europe. you ARE adopting it you little shitNo, I'm fucking not. I've been saying this for fucking months that they are trying to pretend to now have DG for this specific reason.I've said since THE FUCKING BEGINNING that the chinks have DG and they're pretending not to. You've said SINCE THE FUCKING START that they don't have DG, that they made it and introduced it in Germany.and now you will begin remixing it with RABIESRABIESRABIES and geomagnetic storms until it looks like just another of _your_ schizo theories and is discredited along with the rest of themYou're fucking retarded. I've been saying this entire fucking time that DG was spreading in chinkland, that's why they stopped uploading genomes and that's because they would try to blame Europe for introducing it to them again WHICH THEY THEN DID IN FUCKING BEIJING.And I'm not agreeing that it was first sequenced in Germany, like you've said, because it was sequenced in chinkland first. Furthermore, it was more sequenced in other countries in February. But we should still just focus on Germany, right?You know, the sequences that doesn't have the other mutations the rest of Europe has?
how can you design such a thingI imagine it was more vague than Xi saying to whatever PLA group works on their bioweapons, "Get me one we can control," but rather involved the addition or subtraction of spike proteins and other bits like the furin cleavage site, and the study of bat coronaviruses like SARS or MERS with the intention of finding one which could be adapted to several animal species for ease of testing, within a certain range of R, and reasonably lethal. We also don't know how long they worked on this, it could be one of several candidates in a bioweapons program unintentionally leaked before it could be made more lethal. As to how a bioweapon was produced, they could've infected tissue cultures with multiple strains with desired characteristics in the hopes of there being coinfection and antigenic shift, or with RNA editing techniques developed around  which got overshadowed by CRISPR DNA methods performed more selective changes to them.Definitely should be investigated, but most schools don't have the capacity for that, ignoring places like where I am where it gets very cold in Nov-Feb.
This is retarded, all this really requires is some horizontal gene transfers from rabies with SARS and voila,Yes, but such a thing would be obvious if you run a blast... but it is not what is observed.Yes you can easily modify a virus sequence. But with our current methods, such a thing will be evident as soon as you run a sequencing (a part of the sequence will be similar to another virus, specific sequences for restriction enzyme,...).
 if we do it for Washington we should only look at what's prevalent after MarchI never said that eitherWashington got D from Death Princess, then they got G from Europe and G became prevalent
I just want all the niggers to die.
If you only knew how mashugana things really are....
ROOK NORMIESPREACE RONT RISCUSS WILUUUUUUUSFucking cunt.No, not really. If they did this years ago in a lab, they could've easily cultivated it to not show up on BLAST, especially if they did horizontal gene transfer and then let the virus cultivate for years into a chimera between the two, then you wouldn't get BLAST matches.You didn't? See So why shouldn't this show that there's a prevalence of G after March in chinkland here? hurrdurr you changed the dates REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYou said it yourself, after March. Here's chinkland after March th see And btw  March th isn't "end of March" still.
kek
Here's China after like, March or so.REEEEEEEEE THEY DON'T HAVE DG STOP SAYING THAT THE CHINKS DEFEATED THE VIRUS AND THEY DIDN'T HAVE DG AND XI IS NOT LYING ABOUT IT THEY HAD THE VIRUS UNDER CONTROL UNTIL THE BIG BAD EUROPE INTRODUCED IT AGAIN IN BEJING REEEEEEEEE
I'm discussing social distancing measures, or the lack thereofyou're harping on about some nigger You didn't? See  (You)dude this is beyond pathetic, it's desperate. you're telling me, to my face, that my words that I wrote are something else than what I wrote hurrdurr you changed the datesthis is another misquote. what you did was to chop off all the data prior to March , and that's what I objected and still object to
I such answer about the fact that modifications will be apparent (unless it is  or modifications done with CRISPR, but it is not the case as no sufficient similar virus is known).But just to comment on the idea of virus rational design. It is almost impossible to predict what would be the consequences of a protein modifications. Right now, the scientific community already struggles to know if one mutation increases the virulence or not. So, designing a new virus to have a bioweapon is crazy...What I could believe is that the chinese have isolated a new form of SARS circulating in some farmers village. They might have taken this new virus to study it at Wuhan, where it might have leaked.Because, the virus seems to be relatively stable, indicating that it was already fully suitable for human at the beginning of the official pandemic.
The post was mostly to be a third party and try to show both sides. I'm on the with some changesYou mean non-military equipment can't do it, who knows what the military aren't sharing. Personally i'm surprised they seemed so ahead with the quantic computersShouldn't even be here but at least i'll share this. Open window and see two people talking, just another day. One is outside not wearing a mask, on the job, the other is home at the window. Rubbish conversation. Guy on the job doesn't talk a lot, started coofing. Some grey hair, black. Reminded me of another guy, a police captain, family noticed a strange behavior a week before he had a stroke. The night before the stroke he couldn't finish the reports anymore, he felt at a loss for words according to his wife, that helped him out that night. Black, s. Survived, can't talk, wasn't counted as corona
when will who get nuked?
No, not really. If they did this years ago in a lab, they could've easily cultivated it to not show up on BLAST, especially if they did horizontal gene transfer and then let the virus cultivate for years into a chimera between the two, then you wouldn't get BLAST matches.That's right.But, if you do it in human cells or animals, you will select a virus probably not efficient outside the lab for human.You will have to do it with humans. But I suppose it would take many years to make it evolves enough, and I don't know if it is realistic.It would be also such a high level of evilness...
You will have to do it with humans. But I suppose it would take many years to make it evolves enough, and I don't know if it is realistic.It would be also such a high level of evilness...The chinks are easily that evil, in fact, it sounds like a regular Monday for them.So why do you keep saying that the chinks aren't showing the same? That's more G than D after March, only G after March. https://nextstrain.org/ncov/global?c=gt-S_&f_country=China
I imagine it was based almost entirely off of a natural coronavirus, perhaps with various tweaks applied to observe increases or decreases in infectiousness among animals, like mink, cats, primates, all of which can have community spread. Perhaps they scaled trials up to Uighur politcal prisoners as well. It might well have been that they tried a number of things, but weren't entirely sure about the performance and we got a beta-test version, and they wanted it to be more infectious or more deadly than it is with an intended release site outside of China. But the speed with which they locked down, the location where the virus first emerged, and the strength of their reactions to any further outbreaks seems to suggest they know or knew more than we did. Keep in mind, gain of function research is neither new nor rare, and they could have started working on coronavirus weapons in  with SARS as a starting point, and the chinese certainly have the motivation to want to kill or economically impair the West through subversive means
Perhaps they scaled trials up to Uighur politcal prisoners as wellhttps://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/china-uighur-muslims-video-liu-xiaoming-bbc-andrew-marr-human-rights-abuse-a.htmlVery likely.
F
I AIN'T WEARIN' NO C U C K MASK!!! THEY MIGHT MAKE ME VACCINATE MY KIDS NEXT!But I will get a license to drive a vehicleI will accept invasive government surveillanceI will have a birth certificate documenting my existenceI will provide ID when asked for it to purchase alcoholI will provide ID when asked for it to purchase cigarettesI will pay my taxesI will wear a shirt, pants, and shoes inside a store to make a purchaseI will abide by the store's terms of conductI will not text on my cell phone while drivingI will register my handgun with the governmentI will acquire a license to own a firearmI will acquire a license specifically to operate a large truck or specialized vehicleI will acquire a license to own an exotic petI will not yell fire in a crowded theaterI will abide by laws that force me to care for my children or else be jailedI will wear a seat belt while drivingI will pay child supportI will abide by marriage lawsI will honor divorce laws and their dividing of assets regulationsI will not threaten other people with languageI will wait in line at the store for my turn to purchase goodsI will not violate intellectual property lawsI will not take merchandise without paying for itI will not vandalize property that is not my ownI will not have sex with a person who does not continually verbally consentI will obey all traffic laws, stop signs, and stop lightsI will not disturb the peace at night time and make excessive noise that disturbs other citizensI will not physically assault those who displease meI will not imprison another citizenI will not point a firearm at another citizen without due causeI will pay to own land on government soilI will acknowledge United States police officers as peace keepers and follow their commandsI will acknowledge land ownership deeds issued by the government and respect the land boundaries of my neighbors.BUT I AIN'T WEARIN' NO FUCKIN' C U C K MASK!
Vaccines are injected inside you, the others aren’t.
i dont trust the guys who make the vaccine so now i am a redneck moron? cool story bro.
Shut the fuck up I'm not reading all that
What about the mask hillbilly
me wonders why image attached is somehow every homestuck  year old living in his parents house immediate go to image for angry working class white men.Ya'll are really not learning anything in college are you? I feel like I could have four of your degrees without literally doing anything I don't already do.

Fuck your mask niggerVirus is killing the old and the weakFuck your mask
Nice picture of yourself. You already let the government fuck your sheep ass in  different ways and you pretend wannabe rebels think you're taking a stand by refusing to wear something meant to protect the health of other citizens. No respect for low IQ morons that endanger others for their LARPing.If you were really standing up to the government over this shit, you wouldn't let any of that shit listed stand and you would have protested it limiting your freedom. You're just a bunch of sheep LARPing as wolves.
Nazis are Eugenicists if you didn’t know. Old Jews dying benefits everyone.
But I will get a license to drive a vehicleWhat does a drivers license have to do with your health faggot
Oh wow I really want to be a part of the right wing who want to kill off all of the old and infirm including their parents. They have no compassion for anyone but themselves and angrily want death in the thousands rather than be courteous of other people. And you guys honestly look in the mirror in the morning and tell yourselves YOU'RE the oppressed ones and boohoo, poor you, liberals don't tolerate your bullshit. It's funny to me that you guys can say this kind of shit and would gladly endanger and kill your own parents and yet you think of yourselves as the good guys, lol.
Hey, make a fucking commune and live there for few generations and we'll come and throw some blankets for you retards. Let's see if you want those vaccines afterall.
Yes, the old and the weak are a net drain on society. Why do you care if they die?Only children believe believe that people live forever. I would even posit that extending the life of the elderly is abuse in a way.
This thread again? all fields faggot
The argument many use is that they will not wear a mask because if they fall in line on trying to be courteous to other citizens and their health concerns, then the government will next mandate vaccinating their children or some other oppressive government mandate.Only...America is already full of social expectations and rules and regulations you're expected to follow. You can't drive a vehicle without a driver's license. That is a rule against your will and freedom. It's for the safety and benefit of society and other citizens, just like wearing a cloth mask. But you do it. Same with wearing a seatbelt or anything else listed there. All of these things being arrestable offenses limits your freedom, but you do not protest or refuse everything on that list despite it limiting your freedom.By the argument of many, forcing citizens to get a license to drive or forcing them to wear a seatbelt is a slippery slope that will involve eventually having to vaccinate their kids.It's funny and frustrating. You guys are honestly just too stupid to even understand why you're wrong. It's like I'm talking to black people.
Vaccines are a difficult concept for retarded hicks because they cannot comprehend that they are working BECAUSE nothing is happening to them. Therefore they must be pointless and full of microchips and poison that is making them poor and stupid. These are the same people that will smoke cigarettes until they develope cancer and THEN realize they should stop. These are the people that don't understand that their actions can have consequences down the line. These are the same people that live day by day and have no long term plans. They are fucking retarded and there is no help for them. Only thing you can do is hope their children will be brought up better.
the right wing who want to kill off all of the old and infirm including their parentsNiggerfaggot the left is the base that supports abortion and euthanasia. You're a fucking retarded hypocrite cock chugging slope headed faggot.
Protip: Masks dont stop coronavirus. It isnt a matter of health its a matter of common sense.
Most old people probably contribute more to society than you do. If your argument is based on some kind of merit of "usefulness to society", almost everyone posting on this board would be executed you stupid fuck. You should off yourself right now by your own logic. Or at least promise me you'll kill yourself at  before you get too old. Be the change you want.Also, make sure to give your parents a ring and let them know you think they should be killed for not being beneficial to society. As well as the parents of any friends you have. But let's be honest, you probably have nobody, because you're a rotten basement dwelling goblin.
% survival rateJust like the fluKYS
Why does traditional patriarchy demand of women to cook, clean and obey their husbands? Essentially women are slaves in a traditional family. Honestly, I can’t think of a more Islamic thing than this and yet conservatives fight for traditional values that are basically Muslim lol.
I remembered /pol/ was a bastion of feminism so I post thisIdiot
simple because women like being submitted and living like this, strong women is a fantasy of endoctrined/perverted women despise their biological role to be a mother
adrenochrome
when you see it you will shit bricks
see what?
schizo boomers
i kno u r but wut am i?
Please post this on /bant/ or /b/, not /pol/ you faggot nigger kike
there is a person with a mask during a global pandemicNext on Retarded News: "Why are there so many naked people at the beach? Is it a prostitution racket?"
a basket casewhy is it always fucking americans posting this schizo shit
I still don’t see it, what’s it suppose to be? And how is it related to the title.
The implication is that adrenochrome is collected by harvesting the blood of severely frightened individuals. Blood harvesting victims are known to produce gray/purple colored skin.
It's clearly a man's face with a hand over his mouth you blind fucking bastard
you're retarded
I saw her on an interview on tv talking about this photo and she was like "oh I don't know there was this guy exercising there or something it's so random lol!" Well, where's the guy from the photo, where is he?
I admittedly pulled this from plebbit, lul. I don't necessarily believe in any of this but it's interesting.
go back
so how does adrenochrome work? you just inject adrenaline kids blood into your bloodstream? and you feel/look younger?
I will not listen to a rd worlder Yes, they inject themselves with the blood.
Welcome to /pol/ - Politically Incorrect
Check the catalog before posting a new thread!
Reply to existing threads about a topic instead of starting a new one. New users who do not abide by this principle will be temporarily blocked from creating threads. Mods will delete obvious duplicate threads and spam without notice. Don't bitch because your twitter screencap thread got deleted; there are probably other threads about it. Go look!
Seriously, why would anyone join the military?
probably family reasons, wanting to kill people legally, or wanting that pension
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life overHow many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?
im planning on joining this year, so I can do private contracting. my friend does and hes making bank, like $ a day when hes deployed.
Combat roles are competitive as fuck. Right now is a great time to join.
Join the military so that you can end up homeless and living illegally in a garage five years later while your govt fills the country with those you spent your time trying to kill.
doesn't see any proslists a couple pros
Honor.A thing OP knows nothing about because he is a communist faggot.
Thank me for my service
How many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?Can't imagine there's too many nowadays.
dying for israelhonorPick one.
Some of us really need to kill people
When you love and believe in your country and want to defend it from the evil that looks to destroy it
Already in fighting shape. By the time he catches the next IED he will finally be ready to serve the machine spirit indefinitely, along with Israel.
If you're getting blown up or having PTSD you're probably a dumbass and not going anywhere in life anyway. In this case, you're better off taking the risk to obtain the pros you listed. Otherwise score a + on your ASVAB(not difficult) and join the AF or Coast Guard. It'd probably do you good since you sound like a total pussy
inb "money for school" or "free healthcare for life." our veterans litetally get none of those things unless they go to uni, which means they sign a longer contract, in fact our veterans get fuck all after they leave, and the government is wondering why so many kill themselves. I don't even wear my medals any more or mention that I deployed to anyone.you do get to do some fun things in the military, it opens you to hobbies you never would've looked at, and meet people you form strong bonds with over shared experiences. You will never connect with a civilian as much as the people you're in the military with, plus it can put your head on right quicker than if you try to figure shit out on tour own.
I have autism. The rules and order are amazing.
GI bill. Serve for a couple of years then go to Japan to learn Japanese and the government will pay for your college, housing, and food.
Not everyone in the military is B infantry... many do jobs that don’t get them close to combat. Literal retards are who they stick in B. If you are smart, and don’t volunteer for b.. you will get some other job.
During peacetime its decent b/c of the compensation and relatively low risk.During wartime it's more for existential reasons. If nobody fights the country dies. Its out of a moral sense of duty to protect ones integrity.If China declared war on the US with the idea of annexing it, would you be okay with becoming Chinese or at that point would you rather die fighting?
Two shitty pros along with two extreme cons.
In many cases its misdirected energy. Like I get that young men need to prove themselves and chase something, its natural. But voluntarily running the establishments/Israels errands is wrong (unless you truly are defending your country, which the US is not).Other times its lack of choice. Can't blame someone for wanting to eat, but imo you are obliged to get out as soon as you can.
It's really mostly about the benefits, that's literally the only reason why people join. They do it to escape homelessness/starvation or because of no opportunities to make money.
literal retard scored so high on ASVAB only a handful of jobs weren't availablejoined Infantry because my love for the God of WarNo regrets.
When you join the Army you get to choose your M.O.S which essentially means if you're not trying to see combat you can decide to be a pencil pusher or mechanic or something. And for the first few months when you're in training you essentially get paid to learn skills that would cost k to learn anywhere else. Put up with basic training to be an accountant on some military base in an ally nation like japan for free college, healthcare for life etc. I used to be very anti military but now as job and education prospects are all but evaporated for white males, the military is one of the last havens for white people to make an unpozzed living
buys a shitload of gear for "the boogaloo"has an entire armory of gunstalks about killing communists in the streetsmocks anyone who bothers to try and get any kind of experience in the military for these thingsGod i hate normalfaggots
This. Really enjoyed how structured and planned everything was.
When you are farmer picking up your gun to defend your country against invaders. Sure. Like the finns did.The offensive wars that the US/Israel fight in pursuit of political objectives/resources is a different story. No honor in being a mercenary. I mean its a job but has nothing to do with that flagwaving freedom bullshit you see on Netflix.
If China declares war on us it would be because of idiotic policy or actions by the president. I'm not gonna die because some dumb asses voted in an imbecile who antagonizes the world into attacked the united states.
benefitsget to actually shoot and take apart a Full auto M or Mfree flight trainingtfw I kind of want an adventure and war buddiesI ain't joining till I finish college
join the AF or Coast Guard
It depends on your job. You can easily get a job where you never see a battlefield, if you're smarter.
What else is there to do?
to have access to material and able bodies for a Putsch?
the true purpose to joining the military is to get gibs and gaining cognitive dissonance knowing that you overthrew govts of the first christian nations on earth for wahabi puppet govts.
PTSD isn't that bad. I got do a lot of cool shit and see a lot of action. It was like being in a movie.
lol why do burgers put retarded people in the military. Meat shield?
CHIVALRYTHE WARRIOR CODE. Is the notion of these traits really gone? THAT IS THE REASON WHY YOU DUMBFUCKS. It's a mentality that many simply do not possess.It is a code of honor, bravery, integrity, kindness and a sense of duty.
Get paid to blow up brown people and fuck brown hookersGet a free education out of it while Libcucks are going into debt to get theirs.Get a bunch of benefits when you leave and get a pension. Sounds pretty based. My mothers side of the family are mostly military men and they have done pretty well.
go to Japan to learn JapaneseOh wow...sign me up. How else would I ever be able to learn to speak Japanese...
Educate yourself. And no that does not mean being a soft nerd, if you are scared that your manlihood will be challenged.
Jew rats serve  years boot military in Israel then serve Mossad until  years old in a host countries, where they was born. like in cocos-nest. its like X bigger the CIA Jew rats have infiltrated public office mas media bookkeeping office turned in to Bank where they steel money with paper trade excuse purge Jews lie and usury, if you just could keep ti the truth by yourself no merchant ever fool you. Would you take advantage of some one who weaker then you ? That's why Jew rats work in the gang play both sides.
https://skribbl.io/?dBwOyuDJjyjoin
As a nationalist and a populist I really, really feel the need to become a soldier.But war is just a business for Schlomo so that immediately turns me off. Dying in an actual culture war, fighting for a national socialist country, well, that would be favorable to surviving a schlomo gets all the money war.
Remember all those people that died for their country?AHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAH!!
Dude our military is owned by international globohomo.
Free education, I don't have to go out and find a job, I might get shot. All pros to me
why would anyone join the military?There are still a lot of sexual confused people out there right now which have always been the types that sign up to be shouted at by other sexually confused people.
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over.that happens mainly to the infantry.Infantry is like % of the Army.If someone would join the Airforce/Navy these problems dont occur.One could also join the part of the Army that is in the rear.The military in western countries is only good for gibs and training and its the easiest way to get them.Even as a reservist its pretty comfy and relativly well paid.
I've heard that excuse before. You would literally make more money pumping gas, or even more going off to go work at a farm.
Just got out, talk about a cesspool of circle-jerking and degeneracy.Minorities normally favor other minorties for evals, women sleep with their supervisors to get better evals and avoid doing legitimate work, trainings are catered towards 'acceptance' and 'diversity'.Unless you want years of experience in a job with a clearance of some sort, don't even bother.
The only con i see, is to support a degenerate society full of lefties back home.
it aint so bad tbhfamalam
Exactly. I don't see how one does not ask the pretty basic question of WHAT are we fighting for, before becoming a golem for establishment
How else would I ever be able to learn to speak Japanese...He doesn't want a several year long vacation to practically any country worth visiting and paid for by the government
In all legitimacy, I've been considering looking into joining the US Space Force. Although I don't know how much I could handle something like Boot Camp.
Learning how to kill people.
Better yet, they don't like people asking questions period. Which just makes people really have no desire to actually perform well when they don't know why they're doing it in the first place.The first thing my officer told me was "Hey look, I know you went to college and you're used to thinking.... well, I need you to not think cause that's my job now and I need you to do what I ask because that's what you're role is an enlisted. I don't want any arguments or anything"Real inspiring.
This niggas never been poor or had his back to a wall. Those are excuses and good enough cause I wouldn't of seen a college classroom otherwise. No work around here, no money to escape, no future. I disagree with the only way being out of shit like this being a fucking hired bullet sponge and apparently, a constitution ripper now too.
You should ask those questions to yourself before you enlist though. I get that a soldier has to do what he's told when he is there, otherwise the organisation doesn't work.
It's not the same joining as a simple soldier than studying to be an officer
yes. The military industrial complex wants warfare. yes. our leaders have led the military into stupid ass wars where men died for the joos.Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa. You should thank them and join the fight.t
work hours a day  days a week making minimum wage in some major city barely making ends meet , barely able to provide for familyvshave virtually everything paid for me , family free to live on base and children go to on base school, work  days a week(varies by mos/rate) stand a duty day once in a blue moon and party in respective cities I get stationed or ported in I mean just don't join the marines or army if you are so scared of dying via stereotypical means, they are called "mission essential" for a reason
military is obligatory for joining policepolice is ultimately privileged in your third world countryFor profit, of course.
Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa.I thought those were already inside the US though. Some of which run rampant on your streets, while encouraged by your ((media)).
Officer's don't know dick besides how his CO's cock is sucked. Better yet, they don't know the real job responsibilities of the enlisted. If some officer fresh out of the academy with literally minimal knowledge gives you a task that does not make sense cause 'Muh CO', it's completely reasonable to totally question wtf is going on.The organization fails if there's no understanding on what or why you're following orders or how your part fits the big picture.
Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa. Their doing a piss poor job then. All of which you named are already in the country and the military is doing nothing to stop it.
You would literally make more money pumping gasi doubt if you take health, pension and other benefits into the equation.The other point is that you dont have to work most of the time.
vacationHave you never been on a vacation?
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over. Translation:I am a pussyeven benefits can't overcome how much of a pussy I amPathetic.
You tell me what THE FUCK servicemen got out of Vietnam, Afghanistan, and Iraq. And I mean literally the person who signed up and then was discharged from their duties. What the hell did they come back with that could be labeled as being an improvement in their lives?Mind you, we lost all of those wars.
Yeah. You dont think people go on vacation to learn a language?
And I mean literally the person who signed up and then was discharged from their duties.Some never got a pension and became rambling PTSD homeless.
Depends what you do there, if you get useful skills then its a good thing, I dont think there is an active ground war going on where US grunts are involved in real gunfights
women sleep with their supervisors to get better evalsI mean that's to be expected I would presume. Women at that age (assuming they joined right after high school) are already insecure and vulnerable as fuck. They obviously don't have dads OR have daddy issues, so man, fucking your way up the ladder must be rampant in the military if you're a woman. I have always told friends and people that I've met throughout life to NEVER get with a chick that's been in the military. I mean think about it, would you let YOUR daughter join the military? What kind of loser piece of shit father would just deliver his daughter into what is essentially going to be a fuck/rape-fest hellhole for several years?
Also being a 'student' is one of the easiest ways to get a visa for more than couple of months
Defending our country and loved ones from a potential invasion.Peace keeping missions.
They believed they were serving their country with honour.It was misguided but their honour and patriotism is still commendable.
Having a job after you get out is one. If you can get one. I've met a lot of vets who have really shitty jobs or no job. I would do it but I have a medical condition that you wouldn't even know but it's on my permanent record and they will find it. It sucks cause it wouldn't impede my duties whatsoever but they just assume e everyone who has it can't function in society. I'm not a patriot anyway like I fucking hate America so maybe it's for the better. Would pick Europe any day and I've heard they ask you if you think America is the best country in the world and I would say no cause I've actually been outside of America and I'm not a libtard.
this
Oh well I can see why someone like you would join. Thanks for your service, I guess? Better that than prison I suppose.
The army is literally where the lowest dregs of society go in a last ditch effort to be anything respectable. Which is fine, but that American society is expected to bend over to kiss the shoes of someone who spent two years in uniform waiting around a German base is just silly.People who are drafted are respectable, though. I know if I was drafted I'd just ignore every order until I was kicked out.
kek
gibs
For a board so in love with Hitler it is a bit weird how everyone is anti-war apparently
Ignore the invasion of your home and die in a desert instead?
PTSDVirtually every Australian veteran I've met these last thirty years has some form of PTSD from the wars their government involved them in.
GibsWe talking gibs[gibsmedat] nigger money or gibs the little pieces of Iraqi meat that roll about after a nice explosion ?
Unless you're rockin task force orange or green then there is no reason and you's a little bitch.
I know you're British but I have faith you'll figure it out
That's pretty much the purpose of the American military. It gets all right wing fighting age males out of the country so the fucking Jews can destroy it from within. I figured this out in high school. "Look over here, not over here"
Easy moneyFree gymfree heathcaresubsidized housingAccess to firearms and explosiveslive out childhood fantasiesKill peopleParachuteFly expensive and fast aircraftFreed education in some circumstancesAlcoholism encouragedFind me another yo who owns their own car, has no debt and lives in a spacious furnished apartment on his own while paying only % rent. Because thats what an average Australian serviceman gets.
When the time comes you are gonna need military training. Vets are number one group who will be responsible if things actually change.Also you could get a pack of politically motivated bros. See recent elite forces in Germany.
Dying for Jews and doing Israel's dirty work is not honorable.
You can get paid the same doing comfy IT work... but you are either brown or a brainlet
The fact that people say this is good when in reality we should be creating jobs for people who don't worship the government so they can do all of those things listed. But the Jews can't have that now can they. It used to be everyone could afford their own shit at  now only people that work for the government can. Correct me it I'm wrong but that's no different the communism.
You get to kill people and break stuff,while being paid. Feels good, man.
retard gets to have a / wife but I am still alone Anons... please help
from the warsIts actually from being in the ADF. The ADF maks you lose your sanityALCOHOLISM IS WRONG! AND WILL NOT BE TOLERATED!Also ADFYou all have to attend this compulsory BBQ and piss upDATH SYMBOLS ARE BANNED! THEY ARE OFFENSIVEalso ADFLEFT PARY! ON GUARD! BUTT STROKE! SLASH GASH! IN OUT! ON GUARD!WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU LOST YOUR NVG! YOURE GOING TO HOLSWORTHY!Also ADFIf you lose something, TELL US!W treat you like adults so why do you guys fuck up?Also ADFWHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU GOT ON THE PISS ON A FRIDAY NIGHT AFTER YOU WERE KNOCKED OFF! ITS YOUR FAULT WE DIDNT TELL YOU ABOUT THE UNPLANNED RECALL AND DEPLOYMENT TO TULLY ON SATURDAY MORNING!
The military is having record low enlistment numbers despite the ever growing imported population.I guess no one wants to fight for israel and globalhomo anymore.
Youve got two choices dude. Go to uni, rack up debt, work a shitty boring job for  years, pay off a mortgage and climb up the ladder and not be expected to mayeb go to war and gt your legs blown off. ORJoin the military/police and be a civil servant. Get well deserved cushy benefits to motivate you to stay in and when youre not on duty live the high life but accept that one day you may get your nuts blown off. Its always been that way mate.
Not for boomers. And most office jobs are gone now or you have to be a math whiz to get them. I'm basically fucked because I can't do math very well but I'm not allowed in the government because of medical condition that has an extreme stigma attached to it even though you wouldn't even notice it. I was studying to be a lawyer but there are no legal jobs in America any more. No, it was not always like this and saying everyone who doesn't like it should join the government not only doesn't work but sounds very fucking communist to me. I don't see it any other way.
military is obligatory for joining policeNope. In fact when I worked as a policeman for the city of Los Angeles I spoke to a few people that had either worked or presently worked for and were a part of the hiring process for lapd. The main and principal things they looked for in a prospective applicant was: a good work history with positive references, a college degree(or good behavior in high school), a verifiable history of financial responsibility (no debt), and good family references.I brought up military since my brother was in the coast guard, and they told me (every single last one of them) that military and a job history of working security can actually hurt your chances of being hired. It was explained to me that at least now, in the present day, they want goody two-shoes that they can mold from the ground up. When I asked why being in the military could be a disqualifying factor, I was always met with the same response: "They're too aggressive." Oh yeah, and also being a police officer is a shit job by the way. Go ahead and accuse me of "larping," I get it all the time on here when I bring it up, but seriously I just don't understand how anyone could do that job for longer than a few years.
you dont have to work most of the time.You're literally working all of the time.
a good work history with positive references, a college degree(or good behavior in high school), a verifiable history of financial responsibility (no debt), and good family references.So no one whos ever served in a combat unit. WTF do they want a bunch of limp wristed soft cocks engaging violent drug dealers or some hard charging, trained ex soldier badasses?
Sure, I'm scared. I openly admit that. I don't want to go through anything that would leave me both physically and emotionally scarred for life. And neither would you, especially for scraps.
their honour and patriotism is still commendableYes of course, but WHY? Obviously if you get drafted and have no choice then that's a whole other conversation, but the question I'm asking is what is the initial motivation to join? There are WAY more efficient ways to "serve your country" assuming that's all you want to take away from it. For example, you could start charities, volunteer at a hospital, or/and adopt a child that's draining the system of money AND will likely age out of said system to become an even larger burden on society.Those are just some examples. I also recognize, obviously that if people didn't join the military willingly then there would be a draft going on constantly, so yes that's worth commending. I'm not arguing or questioning that. I'm wondering what the motive is for joining willingly in the first place is.
People who are drafted are respectable, thoughI wholeheartedly agree with that, and it's not the point of the thread I started. If you've been drafted then that's a whole other story. I'm asking what the incentive is to join in the first place is, assuming you're not being forced.
To get fitTo have purpose To get discipline
The only reason killing third worlders doesn't exite you is because you've never been around them.
. Effective, free, high quality combat training. Free food, housing, nothing but saving money the entire time if you're responsible and don't buy a charger. Lifelong benefits. Get to shoot at people and not get in trouble for it
You do realize there are many roles that don't involve walking around under the sun being shot at, right?You can learn a trade or learn skills that can be used to civilian or other government jobs outside of the military.Working in the private sector is unironically shithouse in the modern world. You can be fired for a huge number of reasons and you have to work like a dog for shit pay.
What was it like? Seeing as I live in the commonwealth I can easily join the royal marines. Maybe I should
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over% of military personnel will not see a single shot fired outside of the firing range in their entire service. Yes even american ones.
Thats a / with makeup on. You need to get laid senpai.
Because they are gelded animals, probably.
Because where the fuck else was I gonna get paid decent with bennies....eat like a fucking king....paid vacay...all to man a ma duece . cal on a river boat blasting poor ass  dollar a day mestizo soldiers so we could take over the cocaine trade by force?Plus gunnery school where i learned all about John Browning.....acp and . cal and b.a.r....ballistics...explosives...I mean shit bro...how the fuck could I not?It was the 's. It was either the navy or devry.
How many years required for pension?
WTF do they want a bunch of limp wristed soft cocks engaging violent drug dealersYup!That's why I quit. There's a term called "playing patty cake" that is common among policeman (at least where I worked) and that basically means deescalation without the use of force, and I mean COMPLETE lack of use of force, where basically the department expects you to "just talk" to someone who is wielding a knife at you. They literally want you to just talk them out of it. Obviously before body cams that policy would normally get thrown out the window, but now that the same policy includes mandatory body cams I can tell you that the job is basically impossible to perform safely. They expect officers to play patty cake with some lunatic off his meds running around with a knife? No, I don't think so.
They made a simulation of the Three Gorges Dam once it collapses.https://youtu.be/J_KwViYFAI
No one cares. Unless it collapses, its literally not happening.
i'm from /tv/and i have only one thing to sayPURE KINO
Nice vid but just more of the same what if's and it's coming. Need real happening.
Plz happen
HOly FUcking SHIT JESUS CHRISThow many people will die if this happens? are they already evacuating?
There is not that much water in there to have the results of the video you fucks. it will probably cause a few flooded streets in the next town thats all.
this is straight fire
Shut up chink. I hope it does collapse and wipe out millions of you insects off earth.
This is great and all, and I feel sorry for the chinkerinos, but at the end of the day i'm still riding with biden
You obviously haven't been watching the streams. They actually took down a live stream yesterday of the dam because stuff was falling off of it.
feeling bad for chinksI've never felt bad about killing ants.
Every irl dam collapse ive seens does not have the entire dam explode but usually a hole gets punched out of the top
only chinks will die, not people
Would it be possible for a Seal Team to blow it up? Not even meming
how many people None.
you will live to see the God Emperor flush chang into the ocean and solve the CQ once and for all

You'd need a lot of explosives. Might be easier to put a massive bomb upstream from the dam and cause a shockwave
the dam will burst! It's about to happen!!any day now just wait and see!y-yeah it's just about to happen... just wait another week or twookay okay it's been a month but trust me the dam is literally on its last legsokay remember last year I said the dam would fail? Well I didn't mean that year I meant this year!the dam has been weakened over the last  years, there's no way it will survive the decade!!obviously the last  years have weakened the dam considerably, within the century it WILL fail!!
completely destroys wuhanthats convenient
Any vids saved?
is it permanently raining in china or what? wtf are these threads?
Unless event happens, event does not happen.--Chinese proverb
TheyOk CIA
I'm worried, are there any nuclear reactors in the path of the flood?Has anyone thought of spillage or contamination?I'm going to assume that they have safeties in place to shut down reactions before they go critical on them, so I don't think they should have any meltdowns, I hope...I also don't think they will have pellet rods left lying around for them to be swept downstream by the water, right?I mean, they can't be completely clueless, right?
I'm wondering the same thing. Is it schizo cope or has it really been raining for the past  months?
You're coping as hard as the Wuhan Chyna virus deniers were from January till March
It really has been pouring rain there.There's been lots of flooding.
Why on earth do you think its going to collapse just because of a bit of rain, all because some Falun-Gong paper said so? No bias there.
If its all a big nothingburger then why are they blowing up dams and dukes to reduce the water level upstream?
nuke the dam
They madeThey would be newepochweekly, the newspaper of Jimmy Lai.
Do you have a shred of evidence of that beyond what is posted in a Falun-gong or Taiwanese run newspaper?

If you understood Chinese construction quality, you'd know why. Multiple international experts say the dam is poor quality. https://mb.ntd.com/chinas-three-gorges-dam-could-collapse-expert-warns_.html
https://www.reuters.com/article/us-china-floods-threegorges/record-floods-raise-questions-about-chinas-three-gorges-dam-idUSKCNFE
That’s why it’s the biggest man made structure on earth?
Can we get a version without the nigger beats over the top?
Rueters, far more unbiased, better.However the article makes no claims that the dam is going to collapse, only that its not stopping flooding downstream ... in a year of record rainfall.
did enjoy.
I am not saying that chinks aren't fucking insects and shouldn't be nuked but I am slightly skeptical of the seething self-hating whiteoids in the west throwing shit at somebody simply because they haven't made any similar feat of infrastructure building in the last  yeras or so, like for example, that chink highway. All I am saying is, that if you can't make it, just criticize it. Not defending the cardboard concrete bricks or buildings filled with literal sand. Just differentiating by state financed and regulated efforts vs private sector.
Nothing ever happens.
It's almost like it's more prone to mistakes, because it's never been tried before.
I have been hearing the same shit about yellowstone for the last  years.
What stuff was falling?
It's not just the build-quality, but the placement as well. The rocks it's built on will wash away. https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S
It has  times the concrete of the Hoover dam.

only that its not stopping flooding downstreamSo it's not doing the one thing it was built for, flood control. Great job, Changs.
PURPLE REVOLUTION
% OP. This is % a carbon copy of every color revolution attempt that happened in other nations under Obama's Admin.
Purple is a color associated with royalty, going back millennia Anon.They subliminally advertising their perceived statusThese people are not to be trusted under any circumstances
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFEsFGS-trump isnt your friend...
red and blue are also colors
BLM is just like all other 'colour revolutions.Pakistan ISI involved
Don’t care still voting for trump tranny jannie
Possibly.More simple explanation is COVID + BLM were a convenient way of cleaning out blue state/city budget deficits. COVID/school closures breaks the teachers unions, BLM breaks the police unions. Two birds, one stone effectively.Trump is no substantive threat to the elite agenda.
Good catch
I get the feeling Bill Clinton isn't mentally there anymore.
t. Machiavelli
thats because purple dye was very hard and expensive to make, so only royalty could screw the peons enough to have it on command.sounds familiar? the common man should despise anyone who deems to robe themselves in purple, because it signifies your slavery not their superiority
Trump released the virus dum dum
Pretty close anon. The color is BLACK.
Yes, the Soros color revolution is exactly like what happened in Ukraine, the only difference is that in this instance the patriotic types aren't taking the bait. The antifa useful idiots are too weak to fight the police so they need to convince the "patriotic military veteran constitutionalist" types to attack the police. This outcome is achieved by getting the "patriotic military veteran" types to come out and counter protest the antifas, upon which the police will proceed be instructed by their superiors to unfairly arrest only the patriotic militia veteran types. The "boogaloo boys", "proud boys" type psy op stemmed from this need. The fact that Americans have not yet done so means that their attempted color revolution is failing, but they are currently trying and they will continue to to work toward this objective over the next few months toward the election.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSfTXaqoo"I remember when I was back in special forces... seems like a thousand lifetimes ago..."
TGDG/ #297 - Welcome Back! Chairman XI Edition
Fuck you Gary
Why do you guys think bat soup is not good. It's quite delicious, you should try it.
cities flooded : Honhonhon, still ?How many jours has it been coincé at ? dèyz,  dèyz ?Cette nothing rivière has dried up
When will this damn dam be damned
Possible manipulation in the second stream of the wall which has a gap on the side stream? Second stream: http://gd.mooo.com/video.html
Whatever you say, Xi Pooh-ping
XI'S BACK FOR MORE EVERYBODY
Thanks for the bump XiWe have an infinite supply of bread, btw
if korea anon is kind, he would draw dam-chan getting torn half by a dragon, with her lower half being fucked.i need it.
         

egg drop soup
 threads is embarassinggoes to show how desperate you are and how bad you are at predictions, hoping and craving for collapse of China via some miracle. In reality, the rise of China is happening due to the heroic labor and sacrifice of the Chinese people. Its not going to be canceled by Trump, dam, flood or anything of that. This world is just and the efforts of Chinese people build the strong foundation for the rejuvination of Chinese nation - that foundation will last for millenia.Meanwhile - America is already rotting from the inside. They deliberatelly kill their own past and the future, making sure they don't have any giants to stand on their shoulders, making sure they don't see far into the future
gap in wall
I admit it, I laughed
are you saying dam will collapse at thread number #
gap does not exist on the bush pics
Goddamn it, Xi. Go fuck around with Christopher Robin or Eeyore.
wrong pic
Hi Xi. Glad you came back Xi. What does it feel like when we call you Winnie the Pooh, Xi?


The meme is evolving.
REEEEEEEEEEEEE REEEEEEEEE REEEE??REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEREEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Look, guys, I'm posting here to get away from work, as it's been quite stressful lately. There is no need to call me Xi, it's quite obvious I'm not Xi as I've already explained to you. The chance of me being Xi is virtually zero. I have my own opinions that you may not like, but at the end of the day, we can simply respect each other without calling each other Xi. I'm not Xi, I'm just like one of you guys, a low-key internet user. I've already made that clear in the previous thread. I don't like Xi Jinping, I think he is a petty bureaucrat, what's the point of all this charade.
Good evening, I should hope everyone is comfy right now.
i'm saying you will have these threads up untill  and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen
KekI want in German and Spanish tooWhat would be the Gary name in German? In Spanish I think Carlos
why yes.quite comfy.
Show your real flag along with a picture and time stamp, Xi Pooh-ping.
I'm just like one of you guys, a low-key internet userSorry Xi, this isn't reddit. We're not like that here. Chaos and low-key cannot go into the same sentence.I don't like Xi Jinping, I think he is a petty bureaucratDon't put yourself down so much, Xi, everyone has their weak points.
t. Xi
Show flag now Xi
Has anything happened since yesterday?
Brit/pol/ - No Trannies edition
Free speech row over new hate crime bill in Scotlandwe had the same row here, and a row about the right to self defence and defence of your property. it didn't stop them.
based image.
how many free products have YOU given to are NHS?https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-/Small-business-owner-reveals-asked-send-free-booze--ambulance-service-workers.html
Surprised no one's talking about Wiley.
Hi bongs
be mewalk to co-opwear a mask to see what its likeinstantly feel the need to sneeze after I put it onafter a few mins I feel short of breath, have to breathe much deeper breaths and focus more on my breathingafter I do this for a min or two my eyes start watering and becoming extremely irritatedsuddenly remember the advice my mother gave to me (qualified biochemist) pre-lockdown"make sure you wash your hands before you touch your mouth, eyes, or ears. especially if you've already touched your mouth"so basically the masks make us need to breath heavily, which irritates our eyes and makes them water which makes them more likely to absorb particulates in the air, exposing us to a higher risk of infection than if we didn't wear masks to begin withyeah, fuck the government, not wearing one again, ever
"Oh Dan-ny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling"https://twitter.com/ELLOBO/status/
was talked about in a thread last night. not much thoughyou again
Threadly reminder:Chinks vs Mutts - we watch the carnageFuck cuckstianityStop voting ToryBrexit was a mistake
Obvious bait from a eurocuck
They are going to force plastic gloves to shop next.Followed by masks anywhere outside.Keep the fear going.Are you scared by virus? I'm not, though plenty are? Either that of the threat of fines makes them go along with this masked charade
How's the clouds?
Hate speech laws will be put in place to stop native resistence to mass Africanization. Africanization which is occuring and will get more aggressive over the next  years. Bantu Bolshevism.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bIKyAX_tLoLee has awoken.
no tranniessimple as
wiley still going full throttle self-implosion on insta get your top jewish man put im on zoom wiv me, bruv
Next let's make being Muslim a race. If Jews are a race why cant we be a race?
Going bouldering today boisLet’s see how many mask fags there are
morning
Surprised no one's talking about Wileyits in the OP...
jews arent a race though
Guys what are your arguments against mandatory facemasks? I don't support them but I don't feel like I can get my thoughts together about this. It just doesn't "feel" right and I don't "like" it but those aren't good enough reasons really. So, redpill me on this.
jews trending on twittercame herewhats the crack lads
retards still sucking wileys dicklooolliterally amerifat tier brainletsmuh ,mhuhmh ajahdjadh MUH BASED BLACK MANERINO
Morning Bruce
Not bait m, just talking points while i procrastinate
masksm no one cares
the effects of continuous reuptake of carbon dioxide negates the miniscule increase of likelihood of NOT catching covid-.it's more a decision about protecting others rather than yourself. your call.
 Stuggles to wear a mask to the shopsThis is either a larp or you’re a pussy
your call.well, it should have been
tldr black man thinks jews are white
Evening Nigel
They are an ethnic group
There's no "redpoll" it's just a crap way of stopping you catching covid. Masks clearly don't work like that because none of them are properly sealed and the ones that are used by idiots anyway. What they ARE good at doing is helping to stop YOU from spreading it of you're infected by preventing brainlets sneezing everywhere.
boomer comic
boulderingCool man have fun, makes me want to go climbing again.

International dacade for people of African descent. The thinking behind it is to civilize negroes. Not much different from th century missionaries. Talk about flogging a dead horse. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Decade_for_People_of_African_Descent#:~:text=The%International%Decade%for%People,recognition%C%justice%and%development%.
pic rel looks suspicious. it talks of cooperation but that usually means central control and compliance. how can anyone in power be trusted again.
ummm so us europeans cant convert to judaism? stupid retarded pig fucker
its all a psy op to have the public accept compulsory vaccinationsthey've already been arguing for it on this morning
Meanwhile ...
Wouldn't stand a chance against are Fury
I didn't wear one yesterday in Tesco's and I got hit with £ fine.
They will make you wear latex gloves.
prove it
fucking mountain mutts. it annoys me when people use them to back up their "BBBBBBAAAAAAAASSSSED WHITE MUSLIMS" bullshit
islam is haram
Yikes what a low iq take. Did i say judaism was an ethnic group, or that jews were? Kindly off yourself you fucking idiot
Coronavirus is a trick.Masks are to keep the fears alive.The doubt you feel is truth rising against the lies you have been taught since you were a small child.
Whats your point? That you're a retard that touches their face too much? Or that you're a fat cunt who cant breath with a bit of cloth over their face? Or Both?
My hairdressers is telling people not to wear masks as the staff are. Wtf
you seem awefully triggered by someone mentioning jews.why is that?that's not at all what the tweets i've seen said.he also RT'd pic related
then why are there millions of black Jews in nigeria?
Actually had a box pre lock down About £ now £ enough of this shit they want us to wear all this shit they can pay for itBesides we was meant to save the environment last year Now nobody gives a fuck throwing away masks and plastic gloves Guess the normies moved on to blm
th tribe
why is that?because he's a below iq nigger
what have you seen?
source
It's another form of forced compliance and the government doesn't even have to enforce it, the herds of normies will. There were heated arguments in some shops. Mostly middle aged women were berating people for not wearing them.We've seen so many examples in such a short space of time. From snitching on neighbours for having friends round to not clapping hard enough for are nhs to not worshiping niggers. This is just another round of that.
black Jewslol no such thingblacks LARPing as jews is irrelevant. niggers will do whatever their masters command them too. they are a conquered people. true black religion is animism and shamanism etc
Because retard, they Jews are an ethnic group, and Jews are also the name of followers of Judaism. Just like Danes are an ethnic group, and Danes are also not ethnically danish people who have a danish citizenship. A word can mean more than one thing. You can have your blood tested for Jewish ancestry
I lost my job last night thinking of continuing to get pissed at am, thoughts lads?

What I find most funny when this happens is you always get people on the left blaming racist whitey for filling the poor, tiny-brained chimpy-wimpy's head with their hateful misinformation. It's quite damming and shows they really think of black people.
Mandem gettin wise bout dem jew ting innit
Someone red pilled a grime rapper called Wiley on slavery and he chimped out and revealed his power level to soon. I guess the whole BLM thing has made blacks feel untouchable.
Most shoppers did not wear face coverings in May and June and cases/deaths continued to fall. Sainsbury's and Asda are among the retailers who have said they will not penalise customers who fail to wear face masks. See: https://news.sky.com/story/coronavirus-major-supermarkets-refuse-to-enforce-face-mask-rules-despite-police-pleas-
Kek
no way lmao
so corbyn really does hate jews?
/
The amount of face masks I've seen on fields and in hedgerows is disgusting.
This is actually getting massive in the states esp among the hotep/we wuz egyptianz crowd eghttps://wethoughttheywerewhite.tumblr.com/
see
the student has become the master
its from , *someone* on twitter was trying to associate Corbyn with anti-semitismthey never stopfunny tho
It must of been Corbyn who red pilled Wiley.
no you dont understand, and i dont give a fuck how many blacks jews ryou can show me. they are not real jews. because they are black. and the other jews look down on them. they are not jews. they are LARPers.
Masks are to keep the fears alive.Quite the contrary. Completely the opposite. There are people who have been afraid to go past their front doors for months that tentatively "went down the shops" on Friday. The masks are as a walking stick, helping those that have been injured get "out and about". Time, or rather the retail figures, will tell.It will also be interesting to see the "subconscious" effect in cities of not being constantly bombarded by alien faces.
clown worldim staying away
Checked
Will the BBC do this for Hitler? What if Hitler wasn't rejected from art school? Liberal arts Gate keepers reeeeeeshttps://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-So they can't find another black Saint they have to make what if scenarios Plus No black history worth mentioning they have to insert them into ours
he went too far lads. rip
Checked & black pilled
no j-jews are also a religioncoping hard lmao
there is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitism
yeah right afraid of a virus that is so weak they have to massage the figures to make it look virulent.fuck you .
If he didnt before he certainly does now.
As I walked past I saw a couple of based lads in Co-op yesterday not wearing masks. One was in flip flops and shorts, not giving a solitary shit.
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Must be a troll lmao imagine not knowing something as basic as thishttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jews
Bit overcast here mate, had some rain last night
I leave my parents house to go to the shops, we argued over me not having a job and then refusing to cook my chicken nuggets for me, they then told me to take a walk after I called them ‘fucking kikes’, not my fault they want me to conform to society and be a slave for moneyI enter the local paki shop, he’s upped the price of his rustlers and monster energy drink (my favourite), he always changes the prices to match Tescos and the like, why can’t he just do what’s best for me? I mutter ‘fucking Jew’ under my breath at him as I leave the shop and spit on all the newspapers on my way out for publishing anything that doesn’t involve someone like me, a true aryanI decide to go to the park and my blood is already boiling, a black man is sitting on a bench with a white woman, fucking Jewish niggers, stealing all the white women from me, it’s all their fault I’m a fat loser and I tut at him as I walk by. He immediately squares up to me telling me to do it again, but I walk away with him calling me a ‘pussyole’. Standing up for myself would be such a Jewish thing to do and he’s not going to win today.Walking round the shops I get even further enraged, Jews everywhere, taking women from me who would obviously take my virginity had they not ever existed. Charging money for goods in their shops. Laughing with their mates (who needs friends when you’re this based?) People are laughing at me and gagging as I walk past, the stench of my redpilling must be too much for them to handle.I don’t get it /pol/, why can’t the Jews just fuck off? It’s THEIR fault my life is so shit..
There are people who have been afraid to go past their front doors for months that tentatively "went down the shops" on FridayWhy do we want people that paranoid and retarded out amongst us again? It would be like releasing an army of rainmen into the populace.
Stop voting ToryVote for Kier Starmer and the new pro-Semitic labour party
can't wait for commie fucks like this to get lined up against the wallthis must've been a nigger, only a nigger could possibly think like thissome of the only people with stable jobs and income right now, getting pay raises left and right, and they want all their shit for free too? has anyone seen niggers "work" before either?then again, nhs is outwardly bolshevised so i guess it would be odd to expect different of the staff
they have to massage the figures to make it look virulent.And even then it's still nothing, lol. I wonder if they're regretting getting behind such a nothing virus instead of waiting for/manufacturing something more deadly.
Do you think showering so you don’t have a funk is forced compliance?Or how about being required to wear clothes?
Hi Patrick
It just doesn't "feel" right and I don't "like" itPeople are trained to believe, its western culture, that you have to rationalise things. Almost everyone almost always and everyone at some point fumbles through this. Its why you end up with junk science like creationism. Just because you can't rationalise something doesn't mean that there isn't a rational reason for it.Your feelings have been tested by evolution over a far greater timescale than reason has existed. It "doesn't feel right" is a perfectly valid reason for not doing something.Look at the arguments against allowing muslim women to wear the veil and they transfer over to wearing a face mask. It will have consequences for society quite separate from any direct biological effects.the virus is weakIrrelevant. It is their belief that matters. People were afraid and many are now not because of their belief in the efficacy of face masks. These people are out spending money right now.
b but I thought jews don't have the power to lobby institutions and businesses into doing what they want?
I was in co-op last night, no one said anything until a second person came in without one and i was told i need to wear one in future.
Keeping it real
One thing I have learned from the virus is that most people are cowards and snitches
Give it a week and I think the staff will stop even attempting to say anything.
what might have happeneddepicts him marrying a white womenffs... it ever endsThese globalist fucks REALLY ARE social engineering everyone for the massive surge in African immigration projected for this century."Global recognition of the challenges around racism are going to be all the more critical if there are large numbers of people of African descent in many countries.""The distribution of working-age populations will be crucial to whether humanity prospers or withers." https://www.bbc.com/news/health-This is what all the endless race mixing propaganda is about. Why BLACKED porn gets shilled so hard etc. Brainwashing people into accepting their own replacement.And sadest of all, it seems effective...
If only racism hadn't killed him, he would have proven string theory and married this white woman. Wouldn't be surprised if they get a couple of mutts to play his kids. BBC have outdone themselves this time, bravo.
No, it did exactly what was required of it.if you kill too many cattle you have nobody to work on the farm.consume at all costs! you were afraid but with magic facecloth you can consume again.. fuckoff 
theres only two partiesEither a mutt or a retard. Judging from the flag maybe both!
this will never be you
he bought into the blacks can't be racistmeme. in my experience they're even worse than us.
/ sensible chuklehad me in the st half lost me by the end
brexit was a mistakeI'm not taking advice from germoney's hat
Haha those white women just cant get enough of the dark meat.
Reminder that if you love your family you’re not trad.https://mobile.twitter.com/FredNietzky/status/Retvrn to trvdition, punch your nan!
Yeah, I guess you're right. I can't help but feel like they hoped it would have been more, but I guess it barely matters. The figures are all there and they're pathetic, but the ones who are scared will be scared regardless.
I fucking hate normies. I might write that on my mask.
it was a woman behind the counter, of course. mostly i get left alone because im' '" and an absolute unit.
I'll say one thing for third world wogs, they don't give a fuck about rules. I went past some dingy Turkish £ place saw they didn't have customers, and went in. The subject of masks did not come up during my haircut.
How many right wing terrorists are in this country genuinely
Whenever there is any sort of "black power" movement it is immediately cancelled when they start talking about jews. Happened with the Black Panthers, happened in the early s, and it is happening again. The ironic thing is that BLM is run by jews, but they can't control their golem.
Everyone is a potential terrorist
Yes similar to ethnic Jews having to come from a Jewish mother I think you could assert that Muslim intellect can only come from procreation between cousins.
probably in the hundreds at most. and the filth and gchq know about each one of them
be Britishwake up at sunrise to the salat al-fajr blaring through every speaker in Londonwave at the CCTV camera while I'm taking a showereat some shakshuka for breakfast because my wife's son says breakfast needs to be more diversethere's a letter in the transom saying I must pay my tv license because indoctrination isn't freetake the underground to work and get blown up by an innocent refugeewake up in the hospital getting free health carewave to the CCTV camera by my hospital bedhospital food is harira and fried grasshoppers since it's halalget a notice I have to pay for my email licenserealize I've been circumcised while I was unconscious, Dr. Patel says it's more sanitary this waySharia Police runs into my room and demands to know why my wife's son isn't wearing a head scarftry to mansplain that he's a boymy wife's son says he doesn't identify that way anymoreSharia Police kill everyone in the roommy beheaded body is paraded through the streets while everyone chants "fuck white people!"The Guardian and Telegraph say they're worried about my public execution because it might cause Islamaphobiabe buried in Highgate cemeterymy bones are being monitored by CCTVhave to renew my burial license next month
This is like the fifth time in the last week. Something is genuinely brewing it seems
Reminder, as always, to fuck Hong Kongers.https://mobile.twitter.com/acczibit/status/
wikipedia sourcewhy do you ruin every thread?
I fucking 'ate pikeys
anyone born in judea was a jew so nothing to do with race, gotcha.
What do you think of American trannies moving to the U.K, pretending to be British?
How many they decide Your post may have put you in that campLet's not argue over who offended who When they can twist words and label you anything they want you to be
The masks are a pointless forced meme. I'll still wear them though and get in every fuckers hostile little face for making me wear them. I've already been banned from two of my local supermarkets.
the complete lack of action from twitter, and the almost grudging acceptance to actually call his multiple hour rants racist from lefty media, shows how dangerous the BLM narrative is.the one mistake Wiley made was target Jews instead of whites. and in Black Hebrew Israelite theology, the Jew is the "king race" of the whites. they believe Jews are whites, but are the most powerful whites. it's a distinction almost without a difference. if you took his rants and replaced "Jewish" with white, not only would he have been ignored, he'd probably have been given a BBC documentary slot to spend half an hour teaching the British public about how whites are demonic.
you forgotwalk round the group of polish labourers drinking lager and eating tuna out of tins in the street
This isn't a Creative Writing class, fuck off Tarquin
Wut, it explicitly says they are an ethnic group. They inbred over  years which led to them having similar characteristics. You must be a retard or a jew to not know this
Far-right groups consist of MI agents and Special Branch agents trying to goad one another into doing something violent
Conspiritard hat on - they are somehow doing it deliberately so they can say Twitter supports anti-semitism, oust/sideline Jack Dorsey and accelerate the Paul Singer takeover
memeflag
Madonna?
that sounds about right. can't have a social media platform in the hands of a goy
Do you ever start writing something fairly impassionately and feel the enthusiasm drain away from you mid-way through lads?
Lots of bootlicking in this thread.
Oooh, I know! I know! The terrorist must be the white man, right? So fucking transparent
I don’t believe COVID- is real lads
which powerful group is a massive proponent for open borders?which powerful group is a massive proponent for multicultralism?which powerful group is a massive proponent of feminism, and 'progressive' values?which powerful group is a massive proponent in the porn industry shilling Miscegenation?Which powerful group DOMINATES the Media, Hollywood, Music industry, and uses these mediums to shill all of the above.What effect has this had on Employment, Wages, Prices, Family, Relationships, Culture?If you don't see the connection & its consequences, you're a sub  IQ moron and should fuck back off to plebbit.
In the same way the KKK are overwhelmingly feds and police and spooks, hard right wing groups here are the same
Free speech row over new hate crime bill in Scotlandthis is such bullshit because what you hate is subjective - a gun shot to the head might top the list on things that piss you off, but there's some freak out there who'd pay good money to have it happen to themand this "analysis" is saying we would (not even "should") not want to be responsible for some nigger chimping out; never mind blaming the nigger for their violent reactions, no it's somehow my fault because they're so quick to lash out blindly at the mere sounding of that word "nigger"not that it matters because we don’t have a right to own a gun to protect our right to say what we like, so all the pundits and fags are umming and ahhing over how restricted a privilege to speak we should get; a small formality for them to pretend to care, as we run headlong towards despotism no doubt
Sounds cool. A few weeks ago I walked up to the Lodge Slabs up by Loch Grannach in Galloway, cycled there, slept in a bivvy bag overnight, went swimming and climbed the Lodge Slabs the next morning. Great fun, if shit hits the fan I'm just going to go live outdoors, there were plenty of fish and sheep, drinkable water and firewood.
all the ti
I asked a manager today and she told me they're not allowed to enforce it. so you can put a complaint it and get free coupons kek
mass africanizationThey are at most % of the popualtion and most of them live in one cityHow the hell is the country going to get africanized with those numbers?
Shitpipe of a kike country. Kween resembles a reptilian kike
is real ISRAEL ?COINCIDENCE!?I THINK NOT
By importing more. Thats the only way because they dont have a hugh birthrate in UK because they get so many abortions just like in the states
they clearly aren't though and you havent provided a single thing that disproves this
Ok? How's that any worse than getting shanked with a spork by a paki, or that % of your women ooze clemedia and/or syph? You're a joke, bro.
sounds comfy af. i do a lot of rough camping with a bivvy bag round here. would love to do it in scotland where it's actually legal but it's fucking miles away. last time i was camping at a castle and someone actually called the old bill. told me i had to leave, but i wandered off and came back after an couple of hours. england is the least free country in europe probably.
Fuck me, you have to pay to take that course. Just searched it up.
So your issue is one of efficacy? If that’s the case then get an FFP mask lad.
Really easy to tell who I’ve hit the nail on the head describing kek
Its known as withnailling.

fuck off you giant pussy. you were taking the piss so i did too and now i've hurt your feelings.
Yeah, I've been camping a few times in England and been told to leave, with threat of cops coming out. I was in an open field with no crops or livestock, no farm in site to go ask if I could camp or not. No idea how they knew I was there.

it's all coming undone
I'm not opposed to the idea but is should have been a thing back in march , but they were too proud to admit they had no stockpiles, even though mask wearing is part of pre existing pandemic flu plans. To do it now when the pandemic is basically over in the UK is pointless. I reckon that domcum and his band of behavioural scientists.Literally every single law is "forced compliance" , I'm not a supporter of the masks atm but forcing people to do or not do stuff to protect public health is millennia old.
Kek I did it for work, so workplaces are paying to indoctrinate their staff with this stuff
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/
holy kek this is good content
UH OHBLERMPwhat do u bong FUCKS think of danagel PLERNG
It’s a mixture of things that have nothing to do with slowing the spread of the virus.Some MPs want the UK to be more inline with other nations; some get a kick out of passing draconian laws; some want to do everything and anything to slow the spread of the virus, even if it doesn’t work or is OTT.It’s going to backfire eventually, when we see a rise in cases due to opening up, and retards (so all MPs) are going to cry and shut down the country again, inciting societal anger and change. Will be a fun couple of years.
Englandastan Free shamima bagumDindu nun
https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/face-coverings-when-to-wear-one-and-how-to-make-your-own/face-coverings-when-to-wear-one-and-how-to-make-your-ownYou do not need to wear a face covering if you have a legitimate reason not to. This includes (but is not limited to):not being able to put on, wear or remove a face covering because of a physical or mental illness or impairment, or disabilityif putting on, wearing or removing a face covering will cause you severe distressto avoid harm or injury, or the risk of harm or injury, to yourself or others
the access laws in england are a fucking joke, like everything else.they're completing the footpath legislation now. if a path isn't mapped and included it'll be lost forever. half of the paths i use haven't been used for years.
And BASED Patel ensures it’ll be carried out at the highest levels as well
SMALL TOWN WITCH COME TO MESS ME UPSMALL TOWN WITCH COME TO MESS ME UP, AGAINhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUBVVbcCDdM
that's precisely the psyop.relationships have been totally refrained around empty hedonism. "good news white women, these millions of Africans we want to flood your countries with are the 'great' loversconveniently ignores % high divorce rate, the domestic abuse,their reputation of abandoning their own children.
) The number is obviously increasing all the time, since there is a limitless pool of nogs in Africa to draw upon and ) it's more a matter of the society becoming culturally black on the whole regardless of its demographics -- much as apartheid-era South Africa used to be culturally white despite whites being a minority
there is a correct answer?
hello fren, I assume you're my ex danefag now currently danefren anyway
so we all have to pretend to be spastics just to get a pint of milk now?
David Lammy is on LBC talking about BLM
it does feel like yelling into the void at times.
yes. the white guy obviously.
Literally every single law is "forced compliance"There's a bit of a difference between forcing someone not to do something (like kill your neighbour) and telling them they have to do something, and in cases where the latter is pointless and unnecessary it does amount to petty tyranny
I’m a pretty normal guy, semi cool job with a good few friends. Yesterday I went out in Cheltenham without a mask and felt like a social pariah - even the homeless and street drinkers were wearing them. I think this will be how they start getting us on a list boys.
or the actual law if you want to read ithttps://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi///regulation//made
Thankfully, the masks won’t save them, and they’ll die.We don’t weak subhumans in our country
don't let them make you a social piranha mate or they'll ostrichsize you forever. you're a human being.
still waiting for his hot take on paki rape gangs and why white boys are failing at school. he is an MP after all, it's not like he is only allowed to represent his own race or anything, is it?
have legit diagnosis of autism from when I was a childchildhood asthmasuffer from digestive issues that give me a lot of wind which sometimes makes me short of breathbecome distressed when wearing mask due to eye watering and needing to sneeze every few secondsI am based and exempt pilledpretendthanks mate, by definition according to that law I'm except just from the simple fact I have a long list of (((mental health issues)))
Yeah man. Hows life?
The version with the sultanas is the better type I dunno if that is the chink version
Realistically, would it possible to totally boycott all chink products and services? They yellow Devils seem to manufacture everything these days.
KekI captcha'd a combine harvester as a tractor will I be vanned
I'm just going to take the piss as long as I can. Wearing a mask is a bit feminine too. I would wonder what my Yorkshire grandad who worked the pits would think about all this bollocks. Dent be ah big gurls blouse.
Man parades down London’s Oxford Street wearing nothing but mask
lol it's so smll though
brave and powerful
Legend
I wishMight have something nice to look at
Nope. It ain't nigger either.
Based & naked nutcase pilled
Jon Snowcone.
the jew fears the primal White man
his junk was perfectly covered by small maskuhhh
He looks kind of like davinci wheel man nice. I hope to achieve this mode in few months
That's not a typical britbong body is it?No, it's way too white
heh
if your dick and balls can fit behind a single mask then you deserve to be assaulted by more qualified black men
why are you so obsessed with cocks?
wtf
The growers life is a cruel one
it's genetics
looks normal to me, not small. probably grows to a nice  inches.
HE WAS IN THE POOL
dbs confirm.
vitruvian man
I don't know why these fags are so obsessed with dick size. As long as you're faster than % of women, your dick size doesn't matter
Because I'm a girl, both body and mind.
He's a grower of course.
looksdid you join your local faggot club allready?oh a m lanklet has joined the chat
based
Are most people not growers? I'm -" flaccid depending on the temperature, about .-" erect. It just seems really weird to be the same size all the time.
Speaking as a raging homo who has seen a lot of cock up close that's entirely normal anon.Anyone who suggests otherwise is lying. : )

I don't know why these fags are so obsessed with dick sizeWell they are fags. It's weird to them that is guy isn't sexually exited walking around outside like that when they would be.
Nah, I prefer cock mate, thanks.
confident and assertivephysically fitWhiteI guess this guy can walk around naked or whatever, doesn't look abnormal.
Are people in your country going insane about masks? I can’t fucking believe how people are freaking out here over them. Some cunt screamed at me for not wearing a mask alone in my car. It’s like a cult
When you build your kinder surprise toy out of order
Kek
holy shit that's tim something? famous parkour guy who went totally schizoid a few years ago. started drinking his piss and stuffhes got a gymnast build and has really good upper body strength, which is a given since he competed and i think won a bunch of tournaments, didnt know he jumped so far off the deep end
Post tits, whore
Then burn in hell you depraved degenerate faggot.
He means he's a tranny
that dude looks like the guy from letterkenny
Mutt's law
flexing on dem niggasunironically based
Ok and?
Why are merimutts obsessed with cocks?Is this the brain damaging power of circumcision?
 I think cutfags are more likely to be showers because of the mutilation you know.
You want to see mantits?
based
Wtfffff
Fake alien invasion coming soon
why would they try it? what is the purpose, they are already winning.
when the invasion ?
By the end of , probably already when the summer ends so pretty soon
Yeah, but it’s preseason. COVID and BLM riots were practice. You ready to stay at home when the government threatens you by force to stay home? When normies tell you to do as the government says? “have you even seen the crafts, in real life?” “No! But the government said they could be invisible! Stay inside! Or they could find us!”Or maybe aliens exist and we’ve known for years. They’re coming to get the most powerful race and take them back to their home planet. So we’ve let black people take control to the point we bow for them. Soon they’ll be ayys problem and earth will be at peace. The old SWITCHAROO.
Sure, we had terrorist propaganda, pandemic propaganda. All those freedom limiting scams.Ez alien invasion, they will pick you up with military unit and take to concentration camp this time. for your safety.
Coz they opening gates of hell in CERN.Devil will lie he is alien so we deal with him (gifts from aliens, mark of the beast included, you want one?).
Confirmed
they tried it in , with Orson Welles and his alien invasion prank but people were like "nigga please"; so they modified the prank and changed aliens for germans and went to war for jews
Bro I seriously think it will fly over everyone’s heads. With all the shit that has happened this year people will be too confused to comprehend anything seriously
aus/pol/ Fuck Labor edition
Whats for dinner, /pol/?
Vore is the Australian man's fetish
i feel like chicken tonight
inb labor salt ie pic related
Alex Jones is Bill Hic
Are brothels open yet?
Leigh sales gets what she deservesshe is a mouth piece for those who wish to subvert usshe does not deserve the job she has
Pad see ew with duck from a local thai joint I've never tried before. Food was good but they skimped on the duck should've gone the regular mob you get way more duck
How do we defund the ABC
does the Coon cheese company have a parent company with stocks on the exchange? if they do i'd sell hard lmao, imagine purposefully undermining a popular, high selling brand because of american politics. they're about to lose untold millions from lack of purchases and a massive PR campaign, package design, etc...all because of american politics they could freely ignore...i'm not jewish and even i'm crying at the blatant disregard for money.
large chicken n cheese meal from maccas
duck
not "legally". but yeah
Hope it wasnt Thai Rock m
At gunpoint hopefully.
Misso got us Thai takeaway. She has her girlfriends friends over for drinks, so I’m free to shitpost on /Pol and play vidya
A noble goalStart highlighting their waste and lack of objectivity despite being tax funded
Anyone done a coding bootcamp?
You say Labor is for tranny children yet it was Liberal councils that were organising and financing drag queen story hour for children in Brisbane libraries just last year. It's one thing to virtue signal about homosexuality on social media, it's quite different to actually crossdress in front of children and put dildos in their hands.
nah some local joint not a franchise or whatever
where should i put my vote o wise man of the internet
It isn't about money. Its about hoping to appease the mob. Dumb fucks that they are they don't seem to realise the mob are commies who don't believe in private property. They can't be negotiated with or appeased as they are true believers.
fuck yeah thai food bros
Did you hear Palmer's going to jail for  years for illegally financing his own political campaign with $ million via defraudment?
We dont need to defund it, but limit it to wholesome local content, news (not current affairs/opinion), regional local news and local children’s content.
The Jews are behind drag queen story hour. The organisation in the US that was pushing with it is full of jewish activists. Political parties are just a symptom of jewish influence.
Under who, the leftist subverter malcom turnbull?Yeah ok cunt I can acknowledge thats fucked, can you acknowledge labor is the party of BLM, open borders ideology, far left identity politics, overt LGBT agenda? No you cant because you want to spin it as the only choice lmao you dumb faggot labor staffer get rekt this isnt reddit and you're a leftist shill
Did you get some of those grouse mozzarella sticks on the side?
Anywhere but labor and its supporting parties, hows that for a start faggot?
Lamb Shank poached eggsScotch Whiskey
Some leftover burritos from last night
No been coding since I was .
speak truth o wise internet sage i need an exact location as best to appease you
gb reddit homo
That is possibly the most based dinner I’ve ever heard of.Lamb shanks slow cooked?
take a frozen dinner to the worksite (contractor)tfw their staff room doesnt have a microwaveLooks like its going to be a bag of chips for noe
It's full of jews gooks and abos, that just won't cut it. They did the same thing to Pauline Hanson in the s. Clive is a good person, they can't deal with it.
Just write "Fuck Niggers" on the ballot. It counts just as much.
Pork steak, gravy, mash and peas
I've got my first "lesson" on Monday actually, still not sure about a bootcamp but my mate is going to tutor me almost full time. So whatever he recommend (+ years of coding, he's on k so...presumably good). I am completely new to it, never written a line of code. What are you thinking?
Oy vey! send your kids to us so we can sexualize childhood stories! You're not a transphobic, homophobic, CIS gendered racist are you?
what is a reddit? where do i find them on the ballot nah thats a real bad idea if you didn't know it gives your vote the whatever party is in power.One nation. SFF party or libdems or what ever the wise internet sage suggests
Is there a future in coal lads? I need to change my job, am I thinking about going underground. Is there a future in coal? Or will I get done dirt cheap like the coal miners in England and like my uncle's in the 's? The modern Australian job market is fucked, all I want is a shithouse manufacturing job that will pay enough to scrape by with  kids and a shit fibro house. It appears that is too big of an ask. Relatives before me had bitter fights and feuds with employers for basic pay and conditions, my grandad was on strike for  fucking weeks and got to the point where he had to split a single lamb chop  ways with his family since he ran out of money and food in the house, all over safety conditions so other people's families wouldn't have the blight of having their breadwinners killed or seriously injured. Working class Australians are the fucking toughest cunts in the world, how the fuck have we gotten to the point where we are at today? Where is the fight and fire in the stomach? We are laying down and letting rotten cunts stamp all over us
After  years and  kids, wife has recently started giving blowjobs and even swallowing for the first time. Don’t need a brothel any more.
If voting changed anything it would be illegal.
i wonder where she learned her new tricks
sounds like she's been exploring her sexuality with other men and is trying to make it up to you anon.
i just farted
Just making smalltalk m I have never actually been to a brothel
You in QLD? Most all coal mines there are open pit, so nothing underground. I think iron and copper have a much better future. But that will be out WA and SA.
You should try it.
Im indirectly employed in the coal industry and i fuckin hate it. Id imagine being an operator would be alright though
Obligatory slampig to trigger genuine homosexuals
Hi Jason
Is your wife's name Sam?
After  years and  kids, wife has recently started giving blowjobs and even swallowing for the first timewhat made her do that? maybe she developed a taste for cum from the milkman while you were wagecucking
Outraged! I fucking go to my local woollies and there are hundreds of products racily vilifying me
Daily reminder
After  yearsstarted giving blowjobsAm I a retard or is that a red flag
crackersThe future will look back at this kind of racism and cry
Saved. Make the closure permanent.
checked
Sex is only meant to be in the missionary position for procreation m
when will work for dole return?
Why are Anglos so weak in comparison to the Chinese?The Chinese exterminated enemy without blink of an eye while Anglos argue about something called "rights". Enemy doesn't have any "rights", they should be turned into fertiliser.
lurk more newfag
yes the fact Anglos are actual humans is a weakness
Post examples of swedish diversity in media
hahaha you lurk more newfag
Not any legal ones but pretty much every whore on Scarlett Blue has dropped their prices, with hotels fucked you better clean up your cum socks they can only really come to your house.
You seem to have missed the doubles on the sex hole m
Imagine the fucking smell
based edit
Nah, underground longwalls around my neck of the woods, the other mining doesn't seem to be a positive kind of place to be, so many broken homes, regional work, drug and alcohol problems Yeah, wouldn't mind being on a long wall, I'm pretty tall so it might be a bit of a bitch to work at, I would prefer it than being in a workshop on site as a fitter with cunt managers
Who was it that motioned and eventually legalised gay marriage in Australia? Who was it that's been in control of government  of the past  years and has brought in millions of nonwhites? Who is responsible for three quarters of all government debt? Who was it that abolished the WAP, took the guns, oh we could make the list endless. There is no difference between Labour and Liberals socially, and most of Labor's wet dreams were realised by the Libs. The only real difference is economics.
A safer bet would be working in qld since they tend to export mostly coking coal. Just about every institution is divesting from thermal coal and alot of countries that we sell it too are quickly transitioning to nuclear / renewables
Whos a pretty little birdy?
Pretty sure it was turnbull mYou keep pretending that I am shilling liberals because you're asspained that I am attacking laborBecause you are a labor shill and the only way you can cope is pretending they are both equally bad but lets just vote labor anyway because the only difference is economicsLmao you fucking loserGbreddit you fucking queer
Two pieces of marinated chicken with two poached eggs on top.
High quality coking coal around my area, still didn't help in the 's when all the mine closures happened. Just don't want to get done dirt cheap
Is that a blue faced Wren? One thing Australia has is cool animals.
Fuck me I wish this COVID bullshit would fuck off so I can go the UK and join the Royal Marins before Im too old.I wish I was in the US and a member of the DOJ getting paid to push ANTIFA shit in.
LOL superior trolling. At least I hope so for your sake.
jeez that cunt had enough didn't he
All I'm saying is one is open about their intentions and the other camouflages them, but at the end of the day they both walk the same path, as evidenced by how they govern and the laws they pass. No one is more guilty of this than Pauline Hanson as when it comes to passing laws she sides with Liberals %+ the time, only kicking a fuss up about unions, and blurting out racist remarks close to elections to sure up her voterbase, despite never actually having a racist conviction.Left / right is largely a false dichotomy.
kek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxQNDbleUSad reacts only guys.
What do I do cenno anons?

It's too late, covid has written off the next  years
barrel roll
Dude is gona over once the election is over. You watch, as soon as biden wins COVID will magically disappear. Screen cap this.
piss, now. on the red wine
Zack Newton, an electoral officer on Senator Anning’s staff, was reported by the ABC as saying in early April  that it was “Amusing to think I went from shitposting at home and now I'm shitposting in parliament, but here I am lmao,”[]
You seem to be quite asspained about pauline hanson and the liberals to not be a labor sympathiser attempting to pull a sneaky one and push labor votes. Labor is incompatible with /pol/, there is no way around that. They are the party of leftist politics, anti white identity politics, LGBT trannies, open borders ideologyThere is no way around itTrying to cry about welfare does nothing but dig that hole further

argueing with women via text messageBro you've already entered her frame. Don't battle them on their battlefield
t. genuine homosexual
Based
What ever happened to anning's party?
you're not a resident? that's the only thing I can think of, my JSP APM has no power to suspend
Thats fake a shit btw. Their txts are automated and they wouldnt engage you like that. Also youre an idiot for thinking theyde give you free money for nothing. How hard is it to apply for  random jobs a month and go visit your job provider. Worse case you get a job interview, turn up late and say you dont want to job. The deal is apply for  jobs and go to interviws. It doesnt say you hav to apply for jobs you might actually get and then have to do undertake or that you need to then take those jobs seriously.
blue faced WrenYep, think they call them a superb fairy wren
Just text back that you a sudanese who stole this phone and you will rape her.
I think its  jobs a fortnight, so  jobs a month
it's  jobs a month and you don't even have to do that just accept suitable work
Sky NewsIF YOU VOTE LABOUR, YOU WILL DIEWouldn’t you rather be slaves to the Chinks?BASED TRANNY
pretty sure sky news has non stop segments against china m
suitable workIts all so shit though, if you hate it is that considered unsuitable? I fucking hate my job and would rather be a turbo neet
Fuck, anon, she looks like someone hit her in the cunt with a axe.
It was jobs a month when I was on it last year. Can you seriously not get on seek.com and apply for  random jobs? It would take  minutes.
But so are Liberals which means they're a non-pol party either which by extension includes Hanson (did you know she runs Islamic candidates?) and the Nationals. Even Katter kicked Anning as their senator because of his anti-Chinese migration rhetoric, forcing him to form his own party.As it stands in terms of white identitarianism, there are no mainstream parties which endorse this view.
that name
just hurt yourself on the first day and claim work cover
Shes got a pretty tasty looking vag m sorry you are mentally ill though
the noble Chinese are enslaved by the communist partywe must bring in double our population's worth of Chinks to own les libérales
Last time i was on it i think it was about  a month. I dont need to do that since i already am a wagie
Didn't secure enough votes so he lost his independent seat and job.
I used to apply for doctor jobs and high and executive jobs or trades I wasnt qualified for. They didnt care. What were they gona do, say Im too dumb to pursue work? I'de sue them.
Are you cunts preparing?
https://guides.dss.gov.au/guide-social-security-law////find a reason in here
Control of the black market
The (((Lowy Institute))) He should be executed for  but he is still out here raping Australian kids with his pedophile friends.
My only position ITT is dont vote labor or its supporting parties. If you actually have a problem with that, you're a labor shill. You can spin it as much as you want, its clear.
Coon is more "tasty" than that thing.
suck my dick or I know you’re sucking his
Thats the opinion of a genuine homosexual though, its like asking a muslim what their favourite cut of pork is
I will unironically never buy Coon cheese again for caving in to the woke mob.
pure homosexual projection/lgbt/
Furiously basedI sorta did that, i was somewhat qualified for the ones i used to "apply" for buy didnt have the + years exp they were asking
No one but lefty poofs willSo they can move to melbourne and sell exclusively there
you can apply for any  jobsim making a new resume as we speakalso it doesnt state anywhere you need to go to the jobseeker offices, theyre outta bounds now due to wave you can attend phone interviews and make updates if neededfuck it bois neet life ever
Checked. Get woke go broke
There is a huge difference between a cut of pork and that thing. I bet it's like throwing a sausage up a hallway.

checked and keked
Checked again. Digits train
Preparing for the race war?
Not surprising you have sausage on the mind hey poof
Why are labor such faggots?
Was nice while it lasted. Beers all round
Oh, and imagine the smell.....
HOLY SHIT I KNOW THAT GUY. Is/was he in the Navy?
Probably something to do with being gay
Because theyre all trannies
she is a degenerate whore and despite how she looks only beta orbiters would want anything to do with her.OH MA GOD WHAT STRONK WOMEN CAN I SUCK YOUR TAMPONS OUT OF THAT STINKY CUNT HOLEyou are worse than a faggot
Lol no idea
lmao imagine getting this triggered over someone enjoying an image of a plump pussygo dilate
Greetings (a)gentsGiven that we all radiate either ionising radiation or the fumes of white phosphorus on a cold Winter’s night, whilst being members of aethiope race, I beg the question:How would we ship Fs chambered for . mm and Mark  sidearms to Kowloon in a suitcase, ammunition included, without detection?Much appreciated
where do I sign up for this?
of course im triggeredyou should be toowe need to encourage traditional values in women not degenerate whorish behavior but you drooling incels cannot restrain yourself when a dirty hole no one should encourage presents itself.

Or any other luggage, with emphasis on metal detection
Do you just walk around taking pics of random cunts? WTF is ong with you?No ideaClearly you do because he posed for the photo meaning you know him or he is you.
They'll magically have the cure the whole time and threaten not to give it when Trump wins again.
Whores will always be whores
Can't you just buy one when you get there? They probably make a decent knockoff at a bargain price.

Why are single women in their 30s so cringey?
I want to marry one
Are you trying to use irony to be funny?protip: keep trying
For the same reason single men in their thirties are cringy.
but on the other hand they come across as super fake emotionally fragile basket cases who could spin into a manic bipolar episode at any momentthat is who they really arecan't hide by being pretty and young anymore
I'm a desperate  year old male that hasn't been on a date for over  years. And this is supposed to be male prime age
It's just capitalism separating the goyim from the strong.
they look like a "/ in bongland" type
SimpleThey are forced to stop believing their own bullshit
Nah, that's the thing; a decade ago when I was in my early s I was the super cringey beta nice guy who couldn't get laid. But through my s I got a lot of tough lessons the hard way with zero favours attached. And as a result I matured immensely. And now in my s I am very socially switched on and can get laid very easily. Too bad the same can't be said about women my age. It's like over the last decade the tables turned a complete . Now everything that was so repulsive and offensive in my character has been fixed, but everything so switched on and sharp in young females has degraded to the point of utter embarrassing retardation.
Just date girls  years younger than you
They're used up hussies.
In my early s I am really starting to notice single women my age are developing these hideously repulsive personality traits. It’s like they have suddenly all become super socially retarded.All of these 's women tell me I need help because I don't agree with their politics and views. They're all fucking cringy leftist and annoying. Almost all of them have shit jobs and don't make shit. Almost half of them are single mothers.

Nah, not at all. It's more like doubling down on it. You should see some of these femcels. They honestly believe they are a catch, that they are super socially savy and mature and that everyone likes them. But in reality it is the opposite. It's hard to watch.
Sure, but these annoying femcels are still lingering around. You will meet them. Prepare to cringe.
I got an impression, that they don't give a shit about politics, they aren't actually left-wing, they don't say what they really think, they're just trying to avoid possible problems and stay politically correct and in line with the main stream media which is left biassed in the west.
It’s a two way street anon, there is also a lack of emotionally intelligent young men who have their shit together. Porn addiction is also a massive problem that turns mostly men into impulsive, low t, Coomers with ED. The best way out of this is if everyone stops blaming each other and focuses on themselves, try addressing your own flaws and shortcomings before attempting a relationship
I am , and will hit  next month.I hate everyone around my age. I just want a trad zoomer wife, but then I will feel bad for her, since she never got to experience the 's. But then again, every girl I asked out on a date rejected my advances, so I am hopeless in that regard. At the very least, they have some semblance of a good taste if they don't want to be with me.
age is the wrong metric for men nigga. do you lift? do you have a good job? do you have non-stoner non-burnout friends? you can literally get your shit together over a decade and marry a  year old when you're . nothing biological is in the way. women meanwhile get all their value from the formula YOUTH X FITNESS and one of those will forever be degrading after like .
Thanks Dr. Phil, but I already addressed that here You can talk about men and all their problems all you want. But that's not what I posted here in this thread. Even then, the fact is that men get wiser from all the BS (((society))) throws their way. Women seem to just get dumber and more cringey. And when you add age into the equation, the results are really not good, nor sexy in any sense of the word.
men get wiserSome do, most dont I know plenty of men who never matured past adolescence, and they all blame the femazis for their lack of sex appeal
there's tons written about how postmodern feminism has failed women and in turn men and all of society.
Based kangaroo
Any woman over  and single needs to be euthanized.
If you're not married a year out of school you're a faulty human
They are sad and lonely, and spend every night depressed and ignoring what they want. To be married and start a family. Their delusional standards they’ve adopted are a direct result of feminazi indoctrination. They just want a man to speak to them bluntly and dick them down. Once they’ve got that they’ll return to normal.
At around  women who havn't got married or had children start to feel like they failed society.No matter how many of these women gather together, they still cannot shake this feeling.Every day I have to deal with the same thing.drunkfinancially irresponsible no longer able to lure men with sexout of touch with society
Women should be thinking about marrying by the time they hit pubertypeople did that for thousands of years and kiked humanism ruined that for everyone despite girls hitting puberty earlier than ever
Marriage is a meme. Why would I want to be locked in with a woman that will turn ugly in a decade or two?
Pre  women had looks. After  women have nothing.
Uhh, guys... i reallt wanna fuck the slag on the right...
Women are fucked in the head now
That pic of my two sisters foraging makes me so proud.
 years ago me and my dad were at home depo and the woman in front of us bought a giant extravagant dog house and proclaimed "nothing is too good for my snoockums"And after she left my dad turned to me and said "son, as you get older you will find women get 'funny' if they never have a kid"I was  at the time but damn he was right
Ayo, yo pops was wise as shit, son
They’re becoming witches. Just like men become wizards if they’re virgins at , women turn into witches if not married by . Soon they’ll start riding on broomsticks and boiling things in cauldrons.
A decade of hard drinking and awful choices awaits slags like this. It uses them up. If a woman hasn’t settled down by her late twenties she is cooked and will end up as nigger meat or as a cat woman. I am  and have seen so many ladies turn from hot young chicks, into garbage tier basket cases, then into disgusting trolls in their s. Alcohol wrecks women.
Those fry-hogs are rooting them right off the pavement. And that's pajeet tier.
I dunno why they are so cringy and nasty ass. I also dunno why they still think everyone wants some used up old hag. Maybe they should go to their local ghetto, niggers have no standards and with screw anything.
Because you are a man who can run a family like a ship, breed children and send forth a legacy into the future.
This.
Goddamn, they look so successful they make me feel shame
Hang in there anon..
Because all the good women are already married before they hit  so only the shitty ones are left over.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?All the women of any value were filtered out while they were in their s. When women hit their s the single ones are all mental cases, divorcees, single mothers and the lowest quality women.
a trad zoomer wifePut down the crack pipe man, I'm a zoomer, all the girls in my gen are MASSIVE whores. You wouldn't believe the shit that's normal to them or what they consider "trad".

So you were a white-knighting, beta-orbiter, incel in your ’s, and now you’re a Chad. Ok. But Stacy used to feel that way about you when you were . Where is Stacy now? With Chad, whom she met  years ago.
Same man; bet she's an absolute demon in the sack
This chad / stacy shit is so outdated. Modern society is nothing but pure chaos and complete lack of order. Women have no idea how to select mates. There's literal ugly retarded niggers that get / girls.
If you're in your thirties, why the hell are you even looking at women in their thirties? Late teens and early twenties is where you want to be looking at.
I remember when I was in bongland some dude dressed as a woman dropped his pizza slice nearby my shoes, then he picked it up and had a bite, that was surreal.
this
I had a smooth talkin negro tell me its a numbers game . Say Hi to every bitch you see .They already know what you want when you talk to them .Niggero said he gets laid by different chicks x a week . He was giving me advice , not bragging .Now Im giving you , niggero's niggerific "how to get some" advice .
Shiva and ShaktiShiva is the Masculine, the fullest consciousness, the ordering of things.Shakti is the Feminine, raw power itself, Ever chaoticShiva has to give order to the Shakti so she may reach her full power, likewise the Shakti must give Shiva the power to use his consciousness.Men have always been the ones to seek and provide order and thoughtful structuring of things and women have always gotten wet for it and granted us that sweet eternity gash to bestow humanity with more humans(power) so we may order them and give fullest manifestation to our divine ordering.Pyramids mah nigga, men always have to lead women and when we don't order anything shit gets bad.This age is spiritually bereft and structurally bereft thereby we all suffer and women have no clear calling.
Niggers are also inundated with STDs
Question is, were they like that before , or does something happen...Women weren't made to spend a decade or more in a competitive work environment with intermittent casual sex/serial monogamy. Whorish party culture is one part of it but it's something else too. They're acting out the script but not getting the ending they expect.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?They have lots of standards for everyone else to meet , but no standards for themselves to meet because they are always right , even when they are aware that they are fucked up .
Emotional intelligence sounds like such a kike feminist shit test.Men dont need to be "emotional" around women. They need to have a stoic self-respect then the bitch will follow but feminism has put up such hurdles for the prize of a used-up whore that a lot of guys are giving up and turning to porn.
They've always been cringy bro. They just got old and unfuckable so you notice it now
This is true , but Anon said he wanted to get with a girl , not avoid nigger AIDS .
men would line up to get a piece of those womenI want off this planet.
You could also go to Church and meet a nice girl , Anon , and get some religion as a bonus .
What kind of bong doesn't have pride for ye olde slag?
One thing I've found out over the years is that people put up a front to the world. Women, despite the meme about being able to get companionship wherever they want, are often very lonely people. A lot of women in their s have just 'given up' (not really) on dating, men, and hoping to get a husband. Their tools for luring men have become dull. Don't hold this against them. It's your job to be the decider, to quote a great American Philosopher.
Every day man.Can't find a young man with financial security because of the western study culture, sleep around.Seeking wealth and independence, but unable to match the biological appeal of younger girls- seeks older partner with money.Financially secure but without social connections or a stable home, demanding career but no support, at risk of drug abuse.Unchaste with a history of previous partners, likely to rush into a relationship, struggling to contribute socially.Likely to have a child "before it's too late"Work dominated life, in a nominal relationship, unhappy, trying to put down younger colleagues, struggling with domestic finances, infidelity likely, divorce probable.Dug in at whatever level of work achieved, closed group of friends in a similar position, forced to lower moral standards to have sex.Despite high earnings high cost lifestyle reduced savings, reliant on poorly raised children who can't provide much support If there was more full time work and young men were financially stable again, if the economy punished rent-seekers who own all the housing, if education was market driven to stop the rat race to study and local economies were protected from cheap imports we really could fix this.I see the problem as being primarily economic, not political
"Im british" oozes out of those  whores
I'm not British, I'm Northern Irish and our slang is unintelligible.
that's why i married a  year old
It's just like fishing. Can't catch fish if you aren't casting anything to begin with. And if the fish gets away off the hook then cast again until you get the next fish.
My mother had a saying: "if you haven't grown up by age forty, you don't have to". So glad she didn't raise me.
Pretty much. I've seen a few virgin 's marry in their s, it's rare but does happen. But if you're an older bloke and single, get your life together, lift and stop being a creepy beta. Then date younger women. Girls say they're creeped out by older dudes no matter what but they're just saying that. Currently in my s and get looks from HS age girls all the time. It's that authority complex thing. They want a man who's getting after it and who isn't affected by our corrupted and godless culture. A dude who has a bit of backbone! That's why they love 'bad boys', but being a dickhead isn't how you raise a family - this requires a more well-rounded masculinity based on purpose, not selfish desires.
Great Britain flagnot BritishLolParliament would say otherwise
They have reached the stage in their life where they realise their only purpose is to shit out kids.
Is this photoshopped? It looks like someone took the face of a black toddler and placed it on the body of a dyel white  year old.
...and need to rope some retard into it, for the divorce & alimony-jew pay off down the line..
 second rule
different chicks x a week .How the fuck can someone fuck three different whores per week while having a job or any meaningful life at all? Does he spend his entire day on tinderino or something?
Don't come here mate that's pretty much all we have but they turn that way at like  it's a fucking hell and if it wasn't for the cheap aldi drink I'd have disappeared
pic related
Northern Irish people barely constitute as human let alone British
Doesn`t matter.All women are equally trash.
You're right they're the female counterpart to MGTOW losers. Egoism and materialism are false gods.
This is all my friends who aren't married rn.
people age and become less strong/attractive.I'm older than you and don't believe what you read on /pol/ shit is gonna get worse
I know, living here is like living in Eastern Europe.
This is the only right answers. You are supposed to have marry by your early s, then with a job and children.
Except eastern europe has some attractive girls we're like eastern europe if all of it was the Chernobyl exclusion zone
This
This is / in bongland.
you're most certainly retarded. emotional intelligence is a key trait of a good leader
It even has the mutants too, just look at this northern Irish woman
Goddamn, is it really that bad? At least you don't have niggers, right? I mean, you guys are potato niggers, but i mean the black ones
It's the whitest area in the planet. Over % white. Seeing a black person is very very rare here but if you go over the border there's a fuck ton of them now.That said though, there's absolutely no opportunity here, everyone smart fucks off to Australia or America.
You bought INCEL cope lmao
I saw one once, scared the shit out of me I actually did a double take

I know. And no, I am not remotely interested in any of these weird spinster femcels. I just notice them the same one one would notice a burning trainwreck. And there seem to be a lot. It's just amusing to me.  years ago absolutely nothing I ever did or said was good enough for these arrogant cunts. I could do  push ups,  pull ups, could speak  languages, had read a few university text books cover to cover in my spare time, and still I wasn't good enough.Eventually I had a mental breakdown, dropped out of uni, got a job at a warehouse, stopped caring about shit, got a feel for blue collar life, starting becoming more casual, humble, and at ease, grew a beard, and now all I do is work, fish, and drink beer like a bloke. And pussy has never been this simple or easy.Fuck self-improvement. It really is masturbation. No one cares about your hobbies. It's all about attitude and social competence. Even a fat ass can attain it with enough practice. Go to clubs and collect  rejections from  direct approaches. I promise you will get MUCH better with women. Your bench press be damned.But it is funny to see these same bitches ten years on. It ain't pretty, and I don't just mean their looks.
Those women can still fuck. They're just too annoying for some to marry.A true femcel hit the wall so hard she's not recognizable anymore.I know a former trophy wife who tries to get up on my dick all day, but her went away when she hit the wall and I am not about it at all.
Because women do not grow with age. They shape to the male their in a relationship with after . E.g taking on his hobbies, personality traits, views & children. After - (roughly) most women have fully grown intellectually or well their framework has settled. Their base intelligence/abilities/personality traits have settled by the end of s and all that is left is to complete their biological programming. Sadly, if they reject this they go into their s without much of a goal, vision or view. Usually just a worse version of themselves in their s (lost looks etc). While conversely, men will almost always grow in some sort of value (less autistic, more money, social skills and experience). It's very common to speak to a man in his s/s/s even further who has picked up a new hobby, mission or career path. For women this is far rarer. She just doesn't know wtf to do outside of netflix and her hobbies forged in her s only now she has lost her "pretty privilege" which allowed her to perform pretty damn poorly as a human and still get along fine.
because women who hit  and are still single & not highly progressed in their professions are the bottom of the barrel they couldn't manage to bag even the most desperate of guys. The majority of guys in their s who are still single would fall under bachelor category where as women would probably fall into horse girl category. Bottom line men age like a fine wine women age like a cum rag
women expire at .Other than that, women are basically children eternally and the only thing that makes them grow up is having kids (and even that's hit or miss) so nearly every woman you ever meet without kids by  will have secret substance abuse issues and/or psych meds to deal with their mental instability.
On ya mate. The blue collar working environment is also male-dominated, as a result you become more in touch with your masculinity. What it means, requires and looks like to be a man - is % clearer when you hang out with actual men for hours everyday. I've never felt more at home and comfy than at a construction site. The vibe is much better than Uni, not sure why..
Are you a faggot?You talk like u have test levels of a cunt
Maybe you attract the shitty s femcels instead of the based divorcees
but this adds to their undesirability.I would consider dating a responsible woman in her s, if she were a Frauenschaft type (which makes her more trustworthy) but surely not an unstable trashcan for bad choices
What the fuck kind of degenerate place do you live at where women suddenly become ugly at age ? I've been dating the same girl since I was , we're both mid s now, and she is hotter now imo, and definitely at least as hot.
In order for a woman to develop properly, she needs male authority. This means spanking, other forms of physical discipline, and being made to accept her feminine nature, which is a nature of submission. The female is a creature of chaos, and the male a creature of order. The male must order the female's life or else she spirals out, directionless and purposeless.
They are sad and lonely, and spend every night depressed and ignoring what they want. To be married and start a family.And from our point of view the older we get the more we see how braindead stupid as fuck it is to get married and start a family. You're basically signing an agreement to be indebted for life to some bitch who will flip her personality on a whim and leave you a broke old beggar. Every kid you have is an extra $,-, you have to earn over your life to compensate and be enjoying an equal quality of life. No wife and no kids and you can retire without working yourself to death until . I see women my age and I think what the fuck do they have to offer me? I have to work my ass of and be superman to impress them and then I get the privilege of being their government mandated slave. Fuck that shit.
I am , and will hit  next month. she never got to experience the 'sNigger you didn't either
no longer able to lure men with sexthey're always able to do this, no matter how old
I'm just glad we can all agree phones are not to blame. Keep using those phones people! G is coming! Don't want to miss out!
Because your life and goals will have evolved way past that by then because you'll have a family and being locked in with a woman that lost her youth is far better than dying alone and unloved.I've done CNA work before with the elderly, you do not want to die alone. It's horrible when all they have to love in life is an employee that wants to get home by pm and they are scared you won't be there for them when it's time.
he's are nigger brazil anon. he probably either lives on welfare, or makes low effort reaction videos on jewtube for that ad revenue. for some reason all youtube negroes make reaction videos.
I am currently involved in a non sexual Dominant/Submissive relationship with a very high performing woman. This is exactly how it is with us. I provide order in her life, she provides energy toward my projects. We both are richer for the process.
Desperation and insecurity amplified by their hardwired biological need for reproduction and child-rearing remaining unfulfilled. The human body and mind give zero fucks and will start doing crazy things to get what it wants. If peaceful negotiations fail, it will start throwing shit at the wall to see what sticks in its uncompromising struggle towards equilibrium. Similar principles apply to the cognitive dissonance that drives and reinforces the complete insanity of communists.
Thus ist true. They now are only able to accept people that are coming to THEM. which will BE one of the Million betas that are around.Shes löst her tools to activly engange..Very good Observation my friend
those are /'s in bongland
I bet that bet this is the physique of like % of /pol/lmao
Age doesn't matter in this weird ass modern world where the likelihood of witnessing the apocalypse and living forever are roughly equal.Really, no one gives a fuck how old you are. Go about things like you're  and have the world by the balls. Only better time to start than now was yesterday, broses malone.
I just wanted to let you know that shakti is the literal word for strength in poo language and shiva is a woman's name you gaylord. You got it backwards.
When do you get your degrees then?
that thing where they act overly happy and come off as fake bothers me. Idk im like autistic but i dont understand why women do that? Something feels cold about it and reminds me of my mother
It's always those types who trip over themselves to claim some imaginary moral high ground. If it makes you feel better, their lives are shit, they know their lives are shit, and their minds are constantly occupied with how shitty their lives are, and this is how they cope. I have a sister who fits this profile, and she is the saddest, most predictable turd I've ever met.Let the losers lose.
And this is supposed to be male prime ageIt is. You failed.
everything you said is true. Shit is all fucked up nowadays and i wish it wasn't. I really wouldn't care about all this bullshit and the world falling apart if i had someone to love and be with.
My buddy was slumping hard when he hit , so he picked up a weekend gig bartending. He's an electrician and doesn't need the money at all. This was strictly a pussy decision.His strategy has yielded phenomenal results. Bartenders get easy pussy, apparently. It ain't pretty, but he had to branch out and expand his market, so to speak.
Women have a brief period from about  to  where if they came from a decent background or at least didn't suffer any real trauma then they'll be great people during this age.If they get married they'll stay great, if they don't they seem to break down like you said.
I feel ya bro.Uni is full of arrogant tossers. I'm no fan of pride, but I can at least understand it if you really are top shit, like Conor McGregor was. But what in the world could a  yo uni student have possibly done to warrant such an attitude? It's all a facade and a lie, and the lying only gets worse the more you progress through the (((university))) system in white collar shark "work". Perhaps another bolshevik revolution wouldn't be such a bad idea.
You butthurt bro? I can feel it from here. Didn't realize muh dik was that long.
They are used to being a commodity but now the biological clock is ticking they turn into the akward nerds they wouldnt fuck in their teens/s.I experienced it first hand, im not a looker but my last  workplaces i had coworkers asking me out real cringeylike.I turned them down a previous relationship left me with anger issues i dont want to end up as a murderer.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?None of the woman you're thinking about have children do they? It's their biological clock. Tick tick.
My dad was straight out of the Al Bundy school of roasting single women. My never-married aunt getting BTFO at holiday parties when she brought of feminist bullshit talking points is probably my fondest childhood memory, knowing what I know now. Your pops is a good man. Every dad has a moral obligation to teach their sons the laws of the jungle
Whether you were a kid or an adult in the s you still experienced the s. What kids experience isn't detached from what adults experience.  year olds today are having to experience the same trans shit we are.
It's bizarre isn't it. All the faculty I dealt with were extremely friendly and helpful, yet half the students were complete dickheads.
Because they realized that men aren't looking at them like they used to do when they were in their s. Nobody told them about the wall. They thought the simps would be simping forever even when they turn . So they realize they had to put on the "nice face" to not being looked down by men, but utting a nice face is exhausting when you're actually a nasty bitch, that's why they go crazy and bipolar.
Why are you framing this as some zero-sum game? Who gives a fuck what Stacy is doing. It's not like men associate with women to hear their opinions; that's just a cost of doing business.Let the man stick his dick in anything willing to have it. I don't get your point.
that shit'll moon
HAPA IS THE FUTURE. RESISTANCE IS FUTILE
She's hot and he looks fucking cosntipated
I'm  and I get more and more attention from women every year. WTF are you doing, nigger? Do you groom yourself? How about confidence? It should go up with age
thanks dr. philfucking kek
When they rode enough of the cock carousel and yrone is in prison, they look for more stable beta providers who got their shit together, looks and cock size doesn't matter anymore.
Hospital administrator Rachel Gow, , of Haslingden, Lancashire, thought she was not where she should be in life and felt other members of her family were ‘doing better than her’.Fearing her boyfriend Anton Tsvarev,  would leave her, Miss Gow sent him a text message wishing him ‘all the best for the future’ before taking her own life at her home.Women are all about status, even roasties past their prime can get a man if they want. they just want a rich and accomplished guy. Once they realize a rich guy has no reason to date a + yo woman when he has endless young pussy at his feet, they realize they will have to revise their expectation. Imagine being her boyfriend and realizing she killed herself because you are the best she could get and she wanted more.
Modern Feminism.Women are supposed to grow out of the I'm a little princess phase' but thanks to modern feminism, women get more entitled and neurotic as they age.
They're acting out the script but not getting the ending they expect.Sex and city. Have what they think men have became acting like men will make them happy because equality.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?They got jewed
There's a chronic shortage of people telling women "No." and then when reality finally slaps them in a face with a "No.", they can't handle it.

find washed up roastie and save her from her drug problems at pay for her to go to collegebrainwash her so she is wholly and utterly devoted to me for saving her and putting her through college Been sitting on my ass playing vidya and just generally doing whatever the fuck I want for the past  years with no sign of stopping anytime soonhaven’t had to cook anything for myself in years ballsack emptied out every dayI feel sorry for you bros, women are so easy to manipulate. And yes I am a psychopath.
No they dont look for them. They still look for alphas, but to no avail. For backup, they half-heartedly reach half their arm out to contact one of the million betas that are on standby
is that the captain marvel faggot?
they look like low resolution ps characters
 It's best not to eat if I know I will be crossing paths with her.based and keked
It’s like they have suddenly all become super socially retarded.They have always been like that, you just worked through it since they were hot. When they get older and lose the sex appeal the ones that are left are all the same.
Can confirm. Heaps of paddies here
he paid for her collegeshe has drug problemsshe was “washed up” at , meaning she rode mad dickand he brags about it Hahahahaha holy shit bruh. Keep that to yourself. Simping on reformed whores isn’t alpha.
Girls only grow into women by the presence of a strong male figure in their lives. Females are a blank slate, they have no inherent personality, goals or drive. If they've made it to their s and are still single it means one of two things. . They've been hopped around dick to dick and never been able to hold one down. That means the men she's gone after have been of low quality (The fault then lies with her father) or she fell for the feminist (aka spinster coping mechanism) of sleeping around and is now a complete fucking mess, combining the features of a hundred different men and offering nothing of any value to any men. . They've been single all the way up until . This implies a level of genetic weakness. Mutations have caused undesirable physical or mental (emotional) traits and they've been left to the wayside to never breed. Some of them may want to, some may be so autistic they don't care.What it comes down to is that women need a consistent strong male figure to guide them and give them a personality. Our society has moved away from that and is the reason it's rotting.
Get a younger one and put a baby in her within a few years. If you waste her youth she will end up like the ones you describe. Dont be a part of the problem anon. also make shure she is Huwite and of good stock.
Women always had these traits. You don't notice them when they are attractive. The less attractive they become, the more noticible the traits. I waited until  to get engaged. I should have done it at  but I was a retard. Better late than never. She's . We are are getting married in  days and already trying to have a baby. Don't give up. I know they seem dumb but they will literally believe what you believe in  months. Talk to them. They don't believe what they say. All of this is due to weak men. This is why they are trying to kill masculinity and fathers. Good luck.
no you fucking retardedthat is why they push the anti pedo shit so hardYOU CAN GET THEM BEFORE THEY ARE BRAINWASHED
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man? Never pursue a woman over . Its obvious some massive shift in their head occurs past this age. You will be unable to influence them at all. The thousand dick stare is real. Just dont pay attention to them at all.
Because I would be happy seeing children grow up to  handsome sons and  beautiful daughters
They’re lost, Op. Pity them.
Women always had these traits. You don't notice them when they are attractive.FALSE WRONGFALSE WRONGyo uare all fucking idiots or cult membersyou can stop and rerse ALL OF THE SHIT these same fags are pushing if you get them at there is a need to be upsetit fuels the rhetoric i push that leads to violence agasint the cult members!HI FEDS!
Male prime ageI think you took MGTOWs too seriously, anon. Male prime age is arguably , but definitely not later than that. I
Early s is a precarious time for women where she makes attempts to reassess the last decade of her life. Women’s psychological rationalization engine begins a furious effort to account for, and explain to her reasonings for not having successfully secured a long term monogamous commitment from as Alpha a man as her attractiveness could attain for her. Even women married prior to this phase will go through some variation of self-doubt, or self-pity in dealing with the hypergamic uncertainty of her choice (“Is he really the best I could do?”)It’s during this stage that women will make radical shifts of what traits qualify as ‘attractive’ in a man and attempt to turn over a new leaf by changing up their behaviors to align with this new persona they create for themselves. Since the physicality and Alpha dominance that made up her former arousal cues in a Man aren’t as forthcoming from men as when she was in her sexual prime, she reprioritizes them with (presumed) preferences for more intrinsic male attributes that stress dependability, provisioning capacity, humor, intellect, and esoteric definitions of compatibility and intimacy.For the spiritually inclined woman this may manifest in a convenient return to convictions she’d disregarded since her adolescence. For other’s it may be some kind of forced celibacy; a refusal to have sex under the hypergamic auspices of her ‘party years’ in the hopes that a well provisioning male will appreciate her for her prudence – so unlike herself and all of the other girls who rejected him over the last decade.The self-affirming psychological schema is one where she’s “finally doing the right thing”, when in fact she’s simply making the necessity of her long term provisioning and security a virtue she hopes men will appreciate. And if they don’t, then there’s always shaming them to think they’re ‘less-than-men’ for not living up to her eating her cake once she’s had it.
after the first paragraphy i feld my virginity regrowing this thread sucks
Is that photo real? It looks like some s Nazi fetish porn.
Welp I guess only white trash and half-gypsies are not faulty humans
For academics it's definitivly later than . Yeah i just passed that higher math examso you free this weekend no in three weeks is the statics exam
You are a moron. Maybe when children were all home schooled. You are either  and alone or  and a retard. Women by default need support. Their genes demand it. Socialism makes the most sense for them. A strong man early will show them that depending on a man is much better than depend g on the state. Women are vulnerable by definition. Then need a strong force to protect them, it all comes down to if it's the government or their husband.. I don't care what you say. I've fucked so many of them, it's clear.
Suck dick. Marriage is a Jewish meme meant to stupify men and stop them from achieving true success
You sure? I feel they aren't anymore cringe than  year old women, your sex drive just tapers off and you're seeing that women have nothing redeeming about them.
Absolutely, op. I’m in my early ’s having got married in my early ’s. My single friends have lost their minds. There’s no longer selective dating to find someone compatible and settle down, it’s all tinder fucks and breakdowns. Sad.
Forgot to add. They know it too. Even if they don't say it they know it. That's the sad part is they have been fed the idea they don't need a protector and they pretend to believe, but they see their mothers getting old and they know. It's fucking sad to be honest because at a certain point it's too late for them.
Can confirm, i'm  and I get looks and hit on by - year old girls almost exclusively and when I was younger nobody gave me the time of day. Unfortunately the AOC is  here
Women in their thirties aren't cringy. That's when they stop being cringy. That's when they're starting to have to rely on other things than being attractive.Some women start earlier, like the naturally ugly ones. More often than not, these are actually worth talking with.Of course there are those that refuse to grow up, but they're no more cringy than their equivalent men. You know the type. The man in his forties-fifties who still goes out getting drunk in pursuit of a drunk lay, or goes to brothels abroad with his buddies.
Assuming what you're saying is true, it's a great exception of the rule. Absolutely everywhere women look MUCH worse in their s.
Sounds like heaven. Why would you spend an evening tip-e-toeing on eggshells opposite a triggered psycho bitch?
There's a lot of truth about women in this thread, but this should not be ignored. Modern men are, overall, a fucking embarrassment. Obsessed with inane pop culture, video games, juvenile nonsense, and general numale bullshit. Chad went to tradeschool or did a proper degree that guaranteed him a job, fucked a selection of Stacies before picking one to marry, breed with, and now is living the life. The rest are pathetic numales, coping either with childish regression or role playing as conservative while still fundamentally being a weak, simping cunt.It's shameful.
their biological clocks hates them for not having children and a stable relationship. Add in the effect of the pill and you have a  year old roasty turning into a bitter wine aunt.
People who got married in their early , how handsome are you out of ?
Do you make good money? If so, never forget that bitches are attracted most to power. Money = power. Economic power, not just a guy that is a captain of industry as a general manager of someone's business.Flaunt some of your money around a girl you want to date. She will see you have $$$ and you will instantly become more interesting and attractive to her. Talk to girls everywhere you go. It's good practice and you don't even need to hit on them. Better if you don't. Let the ones you want to date earn your attention by hitting on you.You'll be up to your ears in pussy after some practice talking to women every chance you get. You will make non-romantic friends with a few of them. Use them for info on what to do and say in more detail when talking to a girl you want to date and hopefully fuck. They will have fun helping you. Game the system.
Just downloaded hinge
It's more like doubling down on it.And it's reasonable. Changing drastically would make them seem even more pathetic.I believe in their thirties they are at least partially self-aware, they finally realised media has lied to them, they wasted their best years, and there is no prince on a white horse coming to save them.At least acting as a strong women puts them in better position in the job market.
Based. But she was too picky tbqh
have you considered that maybe you yourself are a cringey person in their s? just not self-aware enough to notice it? because that's exactly the impression I got from reading your posts.
From the article she felt she should be in a better place especially compared to the other members of her family. Women are extremely jaleous and clearly saw her sisters were doing better and that upset her.
Ok Karen
Anarchist
You've created a very odd idea of a Chad is. A Chad is a male for ' with at least a decent face. That's it... Chad is % a physical (genetic) thing. He could be a blue-collar worker, a retail worker, a teacher, but in the end its up to looks.
That's '+ *
Considering I didn't describe Chad in any way apart from pointing out he is a success in life, you just come across as an idiot here, mate.
they know its over but they wont admit itthey shouldve been married and pregnant  years agoits too late nowpump & dump and try to fin a < year old qt to marry and have kids with
i know this situation anon. i tend to attract and become attracted to women in relationships. i acted on it a few times but the guilt isn't worth it
You sound like a virgin who hasn't been out much.
nigga I'll fuck you up so bad your parents wont even recognize your face, I'll fuck you up so bad that your eyes will bleed and be so black that you can see future from them nigga fuck you lol

awww naaaaaaaaaaaaw brother
You said that someone who's learned a trade and whatever is a Chad. A Chad is entirely a physical thing. Strawman and a completely wrong one at that. I practically live outside surrounded by people and lost virginity at age 
Based.Donate sperm and go on with your life.
Eww look at that flat foot.Want some down syndrome with your son?
omg how many pictures are there in existence of these same hags, in the last two years i've seen at least  now. i feel sorry for the lad that has witnessed all this, i really do.
Yeah I agree with OP, but women in their 's are even worse. The other day my mom brought me a sandwich and she was all like, "When are you gonna get a job?" and I was all like "Fuck you, bitch, I'm no wagie!" She just doesn't get that I'm a creative.
Chad isnt only physical.Physical is crucial part of it but not allbrains, status, wit, (money)However, it depends on the social class you roam
They literally have BULKY FEET
Does She have big tits?
If you have looks (not fat) and eloquence, no need for money and hot body
At least acting as a strong women puts them in better position in the job market.That was the plan all along goy
You mean you get attention from low quality women, used up hags, single mothers and leftovers.
femcel isNo such thing as femcel.A woman can have sex any time she wants.
Why are single women in their s so cringey?Because we have allowed them to have rights.Humans sink to the lowest level they can get away with.Women have been allowed to act like subhumans so-- surprise!-- they act like subhumans.If you give a dog the run of the house don't be surprised to find a dog turd on your floor when you come home.If you give a dog a long leash she will run far and wide.If you take the dog off the leash don't be surprised when she runs off and doesn't bother coming back when you call.But if you keep a dog on a short leash she will heel you, be silent, and obey your command.It's time to put women back on a short leash and this time not let them off it.It's time to end women's rights and give them a reason to actually try.
brains, status, wit, moneyThat's the perfect description of a single s guy who wonders why he's single when he has achieved these things. Meanwhile the white trash fellows his age who work at construction, drink beer all day, can barely speak properly and reek of garlic and only interest in life is football or cars are the ones who get long term relationships with attractive (naturally attractive, not make-up gold diggers) women.
Truth.
look at his flag its a different world in hueland
Those who happen to be tall with at least decent faces*
You're utterly fucking stupid.
kek
Presented by the Protestant doctrine
Hey... You are the one who thinks learning a trade will make him Chad. Or who thinks being a Chad who gets any woman he wants happens to be someone who makes good decisions in life. Kys yourself.
maybe in bulgaria.Sorry lad.Young, fit bodies are a huge plusBut not enough for long term. Except maybe she likes garlic too
But a woman cannot have sex anytime she wants the way she wants to.Even men can fuck anytime they want to, just go and hit on some drunk  something alcoholic broad
No, you need a body worth fucking.Otherwise you have to compensateNot being in shape is never helpful
Compared to the average Western male that's fat as fuck it's still far above average.
No, I don't think any of those things. You're just an illiterate retard who can't admit you've invented this position because your pride won't let you.
That - is a fucking destroyer for most women. Their value depreciates like plastic in a bonfire and no one wants them. Take in consideration that they've been paraded in their twenties, the change in how people especially men perceive them is brutal. This is how they act out afterwards.
cool pic
agree
Single women in their s are unbearable used up pieces of shit who expect the high paid men, whom the called nerd in their teens to man up and raise their creampies. As if you fucking roasties.
Easily .'s. These fabulous creatures will be already married or soon will be to some lucky lucky lads
o shit i can't believe i'm seeing thisyou're mad he stole your post aren't youthe absolutle seething in this post that americans will still never be able to detect. fuck, australia give it a rest
Lots of truth in this one.
Ok Freud
Forbes had an article where they cited studies on attraction to males and found that men who had ingested garlic  mins before interacting with a woman were rated one standard deviation more attractive than other men. Actual onions aren't a meme lad.
When has anyone ever called Angloids "Aryan princesses" you Anglo bastard?You are such lesser beings compared to mainland Europeans, and lesser to Celtics too.
Jew swindles peoples minds , but mother nature is above us all .Never betray fathers and husbands authority never brake courtesy with your family and friends. Jew suggested dating = fucking around before marriage cause % divorce rateBreed like white people by planing forward preferring new family together by two families make sure that everything fits and match it is time of courtship before girl go from dad to wedlock and became a wife. Love and respect to parents and grand parents in exchange gives wisdom and guidance that allows people get in to wedlock young and grow in together till rest of their life's . That in picture what happen with unsupervised kids by lowing older wiser eye. Purge Jews out, world is up side down, Sodomites on pedestal. Jew rats don't like family and love , that is not lucrative. Jew rats like ladies in the red light district Jewish love. Natures creation of race ,nations and families Jews seek to turn in to tax enclosures with breeding whores and bamboozled with lie population . First demoralize, then groom to a muzzle, then electronically chip you, so that they could tax every your move and control your mood. So they basically, will fuck you and make feel good about it, perfect slave. Who cares how long you will live or get wear off ...there is a lots of human meat breeding by whores .
Is that Jack's films
Fuck all that shit.If your parents lie to you, cheat on each other, use each other, give you life-destroying "advice" when you were young and impressionable, then blame you for turning out a fuck up... Then you have every right and obligation to disown those stupid boomers and get as far away from them as possible.
Finns are the gooks of the white race.
The Wall remains the undefeated champ. Asians might evade it for a bit longer but it's inevitable.
Trips of truth, wish I had a dad.
These british are like pigeons, dirty and lice infested. Look at themEating french fries off the ground.Disgusting
Me too
going to Church in  lmao
on top of having absolutely no fucking idea what the term chad means, or anything that you're talking about whatsoever,you wrote out kys yourself.alpha simply means reproductive success.
That's considered an / in bongland. And everything below is exclusively reserved as paki fuck meat.
churchThe ultimate copeChurches were all on board with the covidiocy hoax, and still are. They are not on your side.
a body worth fucking is the broadest term imaginable.you faggots always do this, you project your biological male focus on external physical characteristics and use them to try and understand female attraction.you should be just autistic enough to understand what that's retarded. women literally change the physical they're attracted to weekly
abortion fucks them up. I don't think there's been any studies on the long term psychological impact of having abortions, particularly with single  somethings. They had their life's purpose but threw it away for a moment in time but have been conditioned into victimhood - it's everyone else's fault
crazy spinster who never got married and is no longer sexyWhat the fuck is wrong with women in their s?Answered your own Q, just reverse
you're not wrong, but you're missing the deeper more embarrassing truth.women are just attracted to attention. that's what it all boils down to
 they come across as super fake emotionally fragile basket cases who could spin into a manic bipolar episode at any moment.That is probably % of women. Not new either. They need to be controlled by a man. To argue against that is to argue against nature at the least.
desperation is always disgusting, so i dont know how you can make yourself less desperate, but that needs to be your number one priority.desperation is truly the ugliest most revolting thing on earth
in their 'sYou mean in their 's.
Will the US survive these times?
In the same way Germany survived -, yes. Only unfathomably worse.
The country already died. Hope you’re enjoying purgatory, you might be here for a while.
only if we stand up and try to change everything
Yeah, but trump the Fuckup wont! Haha!
Only if we cut ties with Israel & cut the head off the snake. The snake being the Jews.
It's another Fourth Turning cycle.This one seems internal.The last one cost , lives.
No, the nation became an empire and the republic rots with it. Nobody believes in its civic identity anymore, nobody thinks in terms of the whole of Americans.
Only if we cut ties with Israel & cut the head off the snake. The snake being the Jews.because all they do is use us for fucking protection and money! since  weve been giving them a million minimum
Nope.
No, the Jew world order is in full effectGet ready while you can, November rd is when shit gets wild
RIP America
Most likely, continuing claims going down to mil the week ending July th, so down .mil in the first  weeks of the month. The unemployment rate will drop to around .-.% If that holds true and the covid cases actually start dropping (they've been very static day to gain the last week or  which is odd) you'll start seeing those place that haven't been allowed to reopen actually open.
The future is landscapers
the blood will flow.
Yes. We will survive and in do so become stronger than our doubters can possibly imagine.
You are so retarded I hope you don't but at least jews don't flee to China, Russia and Oceania like they planned to do.
America was dead on arrival. The end is built in with the beginning
Of course we will, fuck off changall fields
No. But the United States of Tyrone will live strong.
Go rescue haiti then nigger
Only if you vote Donald J Trump this NovemberJoe Biden will be controlled by the feckless nigger lovers who let Antifa burn down cities
i sure hope not. u have spread war, death, suffering to the rest of the world. u force the most vile anti-white and pro-homo propaganda on traditional societies on the other side of the world that just want to be left alone. now u fall like the whore of babylon that u are and i shit on your grave
whats to come in the fall bros? im worried i should start prepping but im too late
If Americans go full ', yesif Americans don't there will definitely be blood spilt
Dumbass. Jews control both sides.
trips says no
It’s over, brother
Hmmm, seems like someone was trying to help you with thatOh wait you killed him and now you permanently pissed off another rising world power into marking you for death.
will the united states survive?No, there is no unity anymore.
This.Baseball laying it on the line is the final blow.Its the soul of the US.Also, Wall of Vets joining the portland protestors is also very very big.
I hope not
Wall of Vetsuh huh. Why don't you show us a bigger line up or is that all you got? I think you're a bunch of fagots that stole uniforms or purchased them from a surplus store.
America is full of fat mongrels. Here's the problem I run into when I consider America's obsession with Christianity and the Nordic form. These traits are special, no doubt about it. The problem is that Nordics and whites in general are highly trusting individuals to a fault. This gets them killed by subhumans often. We live in a time just eighty years after Hitler took this ideology mainstream. That is why the masses hate it when Nordics rise to power. Are these brown mongrels really children of God? Will they be blessed with eternal life in God's kingdom if they were wiped out? How do Nordics fit in? Are they demonic? If they are demonic, why are they superior? Are Nordics and whites the creator's chosen to wipe out subhumans so that whites can have it all to themselves? Are the subhumans the demons?
Christianity and National Socialism are opposites.
Won't be the same. Our shits going to get rocked. If future proves past we're going to get fucked up.
Politically the US will not survive. The left openly hates the US from its very beginning by saying the US is an evil racist country built on the backs of African slaves on land stolen from native Americans and the right no longer cares to defend the US because the US government overwhelmingly sides with the left. The left will grow stronger and hate the US even more the left will keep electing people who hate the right and side with the left
It will likely be very different. Both in good an bad ways.
Alaska reporting in. Real people don't care about your democrat run shitholes.
This is different. Germany was % german homogeneous group. Best analogy here:https://youtu.be/qkMKsmzVE?t=
No. Its over and the US will be in death throws soon. race relations and the whole mixing pot idea are done at this point.economically the country cant heal from what the niggers and chinks just pulled. A new and greater America will emerge from this though.
America will pay for its crimes.
God I hope not.
I really hope not. Why keep polishing a turd instead of letting it decay, dry out and turn white? It's just another country with a phony history anyway.
No, but a balkanized version could work.
The land itself will, but the people have changed forever. Things will never go back to the America you knew and loved. Welcome to hell.
https://www.ancientpages.com////solutrean-people-first-americans-european-stone-age-people/
I fully understand but no one in politics cares
China is planning something big. There will be rising regional powers because of the diminishing US hegemony. Can't wait to get my popcorn and watch the shitshow
I sincerely hope they won't but who knows? That's up to kikes and kikes only. Let's see if they're willing to throw their loyal golem under the bus.
A new and greater America will emerge from this though.Hopefully one that isn't controlled by niggers nor kikes
LMAO WHAT IS THIS, why does it anger me. I should laugh in delight to see invaders taking the cuck mantle for israel. Only pain.
LMAO WHAT IS THISThis is the future you chose my friend.
Didnt your country literally give Israel nukes
Yes.May God be with the United States of America!!!!!!!!!May god be with us all!
no people are just waiting for the right moment until it escalates enough so that they can go full rampage
Anyone on the left cares about historyRemember, REAL communism has never been implemented!!
In the future corporate hellhole, Disney will own all, and beta males and leftists will be caught in an eternal cycle of wage slavery and consooming rehashed pro-commie animated and live action films. You however, will either be spared this agony by being quickly shot due to problematic opinions, or conveniently "disappeared" to be drafted into the corporate paramilitary force to beat up and dispose of any uppity lefties or inefficient basedboys not excited enough for the new release of Che Guiyana: The Trans-animated Adventures.Whose the leader of the club thats made for you and me?
This... but seriously. If you kill someone now, you got to jail for life. If I wait a few months, and war breaks out... I could kill  and get a medal.
Absolutely. Why is everyone so negative? Me and  million others are just fine. What u call flyover country. Life in my little town is awesome. My girl and I are gonna go fishing and grill some snapper later. Fuck off with all your gay doom posts.
This. It's over. Come home white men. Leave the rotten whore behind.
Experts estimate that the number of sexually transmitted infections among Americans now totals more than  million.Blonde-haired blue-eyed Nordic here who was always very fearful of STDs. Never had sex and have no STDs. Feels good man.
UH OHGLOMK
compared to past us history... this is nothing
no
Latvians are based, plz help the real americans in reclaiming our country
Hopefully no.
the frightening thing is that the US police forces are the last mans standing to prevent a civil war and at the same time they get so much hate from their citizens that they are protecting from their own stupidity. Much respect for everyone who is part of the US police in times like these. I think these people are real heros.The moment when police officers refuse to arrest blacks because it could be racist, we have a real problem. And we are not far from this point anymore.
Will the US survive these times?gosh I sure hope not
The dems won't let it open till Nov  just like trump said
LatviansGet your glasses, anon.
Latvians are basedim Austrian btw. but no worries our flags are very similarplz help the real americans in reclaiming our countryI would love to. Really. I personally really like the US and have a lot of friends over there and i am so sad that all of this is happening to your country right now. But i am very afraid that the societal developments reached the point of no return. The only thing that i hope is that a stronger and much more beautiful America will rise from the ashes of clown world.All the best from Austria, anon
Of course.Constitutional American has the spirit. The left has only emotions.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eY-GagdtU
Cryonics into stem cell regenerative resurrection medicine. Maybe if enough people have cryonics insurance then we avoid apocalypse and world war.
Remember the simple, longterm, robot intelligence war. Common minimum wage cost equipment to signal intelligence relay enforcing robot artificial intelligence.Be safe. Do not risk. Signal to robot war NOW!MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAINIf you are possible first divine intelligent creation evolution race then you can join my United States Marine Corps. If your race possibly first enforced cryonics and stem cell regenerative resurrection medicine by robot artificial intelligence then you can join my United States Marine Corps.Current Corps needs......Marines at America to help execute national strategy imperative briefs. If success, victory, and win, then citizens accept minor executive capacity to execute signal intelligence relay for robot artificial intelligence war.The United States Marine Corps ultimate objective is personnel comrade reinforcement. Evidence to prove personnel comrade reinforcement is public citizens committing to employment contract agreement in civilian occupational specialty, superlight infantry occupational specialty, and superlight mobile infantry occupational specialty.National strategy imperative is cryonics, cooperative planning, and stationary shelter armors. Cryonics suspends rot, decaying, and decomposing. We freeze, refrigerate, and suspend time into stem cell regenerative resurrection medicine. Cooperative planning are calendars, music notation timing symbols, and internet video streaming. We fit into military industrial complex schedules for robot service enhancement. Stationary shelter armor are houses, condos, apartments, shacks, and garages. We armor in cheap common mass produced construction materials.
Russians will rape every man woman and child in Alaska once civil war erupts and the feds don't have the manpower to defend you.
I hope notYou are the cancer of the western world and you're bringing everyone down with you
No. Demography is destiny. %, lmao.
Cryonics is in its infancy. There are many problems like crystalization. Crystals destroy many structures inside the body and make it unresurrectable.
The crucifixion of George Floyd
Remember when we joked about "Saint Floyd"?
Unbelievable.
wew lads this just gets worse doesn't it.... next thing they tell us is that he is God himself
anon has never read a Christian websiteThey literally do this with everything. Current news events, movies, literature, history. Fucking everything relates somehow, no matter how much they twist it.

George FloydGeorge from the jungleStrong but he can't breeeveGeorge FloydGeorge of the jungleWatch out for that knee
I'm a fentanylbyterian. Have you heard the word of our nigga and savior, Saint Fentanyl Floyd?He died across the pavement for your gibs.Repent and cast aside the devices of the Orange One!
I take a knee for Saint Floyd.
both their fathers are ghosts.Damn they have more in common than I thought.
bump
George FloydGeorge from the jungleStrong but he can't breeeveGeorge FloydGeorge of the jungleAs high as he can be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZJxRimk
pottery
This new denomination of christianity is pretty lit tbqhfamalam.
Except Jesus was an innocent sinless being meanwhile Floyd was your average black man.
What the actual fuck? now he is a fucking hero or some shit, fucking saint?he was a fucking criminal.fuck niggers and fuck Americans who allowed this shit.
watch out for that knee
achualy, Jesus die robin’ a licker stow.raycis ass Ro-mans put a nee on he nek ‘n shieet
Someone ask them to specify who killed Christ
Fuck that nigger. I laughed watching him die. All niggers should be treated like the fuckin savage animals they are
I think they surf /pol/ for ideas honestly. You guys have some really great ones.
This is pretty goddamn gay
you blasphemous nigger. I'm not even Christian and I'm offended you would conflate the good lord with a fucking junkie nigger. What the actual fuck?
this is why God left us
Christcucks get the rope
use to we called atheists infidels degenerate
Jesus was also a thief and dug user. George is the second coming.

two men of color killed by the white establishment for victimless crimesPowerful.
cause the bitch didn't know his father.
Jesus was a myth invented by the authorities to manipulate the lives and behavior of millions of people. George Floyd is ...
One was supposedly the son of god, the other a common variety of north american pavement ape.
Floyd looked down and crued for mommy, and Christ looked to Heaven and asked his Father to forgive his fake news slaughter
Who THE FUCK do they think they are?Comparing a criminal, a drug addict, a felon, a NIGGER to the Son of God? This is fucking infuriating. In  I became more and more blackpilled but this year I hit some sort of critical blackpill mass and came out the other side and I just get more and more angry.JESUS CHRIST IS KING.GEORGE FLOYD IS A NIGGER.AND HE IS IN HELL.WHILE CHRIST REIGNS IN HEAVEN.
oh that's why dictators always wanna stamp out his teachings instead of using them to control people... hmm makes sense
And it's a Jesuit magazine.
IDIOTS
Ok this getting ridiculous. Comparing him to Jesus? Was Jesus a drug addicted criminal passing fake bills and robbing pregnant women by putting a gun to her pregnant belly? This reeks of kikery, reeks of some jewish bullshit,
George George Floyd of the jungleStrong but he can't breatheAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHWatch out for that knee!
George Floyd was dying of complications from drug addiction before the cops even got there. These people claiming to be Christians are just repeating lies and it's sick.
They will regret writing this article.
People who think like this need to be ostracized from society. Put them in a retard clinic or a facility capable of electo-shock therapy.
Only one was a nigger
(((Jesuit))). I bet it's written by a jew.
Jesus taught people to be good, love your neighbors and GodFloyd was druggie who shoved drugs in his ass,was a pornstar and a criminalFucking kikes, they really hate Christ
George, georgeFloyd of the jungleStrong but he cant breatheAHHHHHHHHHHHWatch out for that knee!!

He’d cry out to his father too, but he doesn’t know who that is.
You're not thinking at a large enough scale. Biblical.
And Floyd had a son he never knew as well, apparently. Symmetry.
this is the nd time ive seen these dirty niggers compare Floyd to jesus. freemason niggers
what utter shite
I remember when Jesus held a sword to Mary Magdalene's pregnant belly and demanded  pieces of silver...The mental backflips it takes to understand modern (((reporters)))
Based leaf. No rake for you today borther.Dead niggers are the best niggers. Particularly when they are young. There's nothing quite like watching these videos of nigger parents abusing their young mongrels to death. Past, present, and future all being validated and improved in one video.
I remember whst my papa told me. I remember what my papa told me. Blasphemy.t. Some dead nigger
Fuck Jesuits, fuck the kike pope.
Do you think George would have called for his father if he had one?
Probably never knew his father so it makes sense
jesus was a fentanyl addicted convicted gang banger who robbed a pregnant woman at gun point?i guess i really have to read the Bible at some point
just give it a few hundred years
taking anything the Jesuits say seriouslyI knew op was a fag but damn...
bump
bump
Is he the antichrist, or is the average black man so destructive that they can be compared to a biblical disaster?
Dixie cup of watermelon flavored malt liquor This is the blood of ChristKFC chicken leg This is the body of Christ
If you only knew how bad things really are.
Knees be upon him. Amen.
dindu nuffins amen
maybe not the antichist, but that golden casket they buried him in was not a mistake or being flashy. the whole thing was a ritual. its all esoteric shit
When I said BLM/"anti racism" was the new religion I was somewhat kidding. Holy fuck
George Floydpiece of shit and his death is celebrated by everyone.
bump
Then they offered him wine mixed with myrrh, but he did not take it. (Mark :)Jesus was offered a narcotic to dull the pain and refused.Floyd was complaining he couldn't breathe before he was ever on the ground because of all the fentanyl in his system.Exactly the same.
Think Jesus knew his father
Yeah they're so alike, I remember well the story of how Jesus died from a overdose induced heart attack.
remember the time jesus pulled a gun on a pregnant woman?me either.
Is this how christianity got formed? Was some random kike hanged on a stick for eating baby penises but then they claimed him messiah
His killer was drugs in the anus that he put there
Floyd died for his own sins
Revelations II : and Floyd said all upon thee whom a woke fentanyl should be consumed to excess.
To put Floyd at the same level as Jesus is blasphemy. That nigger died from drug overdoes
son just don't even start
George Floyd = martyrCanceling = witch hunts Racists = heathens Trayvon, MLK, Obama = untouchable icons
The Sunrise Movement and other cultural marxist groups have been waiting for a weak point to launch this attack. George Floyd is nothing more than a conduit for the bolshevik revolution.
No one was joking. These people have been acting exactly like a religion for a while now.
Floyd died for his own sinskek
are they trying to discredit their "cause"? kek
mommy
Imagine giving your life for niggers to have a place in the bus and then they put you at the same level as a hobo high on fentanyl.
Fentanyl Floyd cried out for his drug dealer.
little known fact, Jesus was also high Fentynl, cocaine and meth, tried to pass off  fake shekels, had covid  for over a month and walked around in public, the crucifixion is what killed him, it was the Praetorians being too rough with him that killed him
the crucifixion isnt what killed him
bump
another similarity: they both fucked prostitutes
ia george floyd the anti christ? the second coming?
You shut that pepperoni mouth you son of a bitch
mfw
We all know jesus also robbed and threatened pregnant women to kill their babies
Based ol' timey folk.
bump
pepperoni is a full blown american thing
According to the bible itself, Jesus was some commie converting non-Hebrews and telling them they should demand to be treated as equals in a Hebrew ethno state in a period of time where Hebrews were conquered and vanquishing. He was literally helping Somalians settle in the middle east and saying "we're all jews" and got killed precisely because of that. Christianity is a dindu cult, so what better saint than George Floyd.
Yeah fucking duh it’s not that hard to see the reason it parallels is because it’s the same thing Christians are the retarded precursors to progressives.
Christcucks....Your religion is kinda responsible for this
And (((who))) did the mocking?
Same thing they did with MLK, canonizing his life. The only two birthdays we had celebrated up till MLK day had been the father of our country and the birth of Christ. Its culture war and we're losing
I cannot belive this happening over a drugged up career criminal who robbed pregnant women, scum of the highest order. America is fallen. Clearly the brown goy cattle population has hit critical mass.
You will join the nigger in hell for being a RACIST Serves you well playing with these jewish religions' rules
How about you read the bibble before making up your head cannon along the way
bump
Both KILLED BY JEWS. OK i can get behind this.JEWS DID THIS
Gold plated pyramid when?
MUH FICTION BOOKYou worship money. Nothing else. Stop lying to yourself.
Just lay back and enjoy the show, it won't last for long
In fact he has ressurected now, I saw him yesterday on the street with neck wounds while he was vomiting after huffing jenkem

Comparing a drug addled violent black man to Jesus is blssihrny
https://youtu.be/si-kQUXCZyw This bitch's staff matches my dislikes  for one, I'm out of yt accounts. If nothing but for teh lulz, can any bros please slide over and help me get over  dislikes?
I lv hr
keep crying.the salt hasn't stopped since .
Fuck this bulb headed bitch. God I hate my state.
Look at how quickly the rightard shill mobilizes at the slightest hint of anti-Ilhan Omar opportunity, no matter how meager. Imagine such a twisted, sad existence. Hanging onto every word your enemy says, aching for an angle, pouring over every appearance of someone you hate, studying every gesture. What a truly sad life
OPIsSALTY
Thank You. I Also Up Voted. Black Lifes Matter. Fuck You Racist Wh*te Boys.
UK grime rapper Wiley has now swallowed the Ice Cube pillhttps://mobile.twitter.com/wileyceo?lang=en
And the shabbos goy squad comes in to defend the smallhats. Kek.
he supporters are still % behind him
Literally who? And why should the rest of us care? Ice cube is an international star, Wiley just makes shitty music that nobody outside of England likes.
Based .
Fuck off then if you don't like it debbie downer
.
Dare I say - based black man?
No he just became a Labour supporter.
He got banned for  hours about  hours ago so he should be back on soon
he's back in action now
He's back, get ready for round Also tweet him some jew statistics and he will retweet by the looks of it
This dudeThis fucking dude
based
Literally who? And why should the rest of us care?If ranting about Jews draws lots of attention and brings him a new audience, many more will do it and hope for similar results. Wink wink.
Based Wileyhttps://youtu.be/LFylHP-SQ
you should teach your brothers and sisters about the honorable Malcolm X
Send him this
Also tweet him some jew statistics and he will retweet by the looks of itTHISfeed him. This is the time. Massive platform. Feed him
Based.
fucking based!
This.GOGOGOGOGOGOI don't use Twatter else I would.
ANTIFA faggots bringing their kids to the protest to either use them as shields or use them for victim points when they get tear gassed. Can we start hunting these fuckers down?
Well in a state with an actual functioning justice system they'd be charged with reckless endangerment at the very least.But we're talking about states with functioning governments, not hilarious meme-politicians playing silly buggers like up in Portland.
theirPropably bought from Epstein cult.
They eat the babies after the riots.That's just what they are.
I find it funny that in New (but still just as shitty as old) Mexico they actually understand the constitution so when someone needs to use a gun for defense they don't go to jail.
You really think these buckets of onions who apparently can't afford a babysitter could pay some $, for a baby?
If the kids die just call it a late term abortion
Gee, like some Soros wouldn't just child traffic babies there for photos and then have the baby fried as chicken.
late term abortion is for like...if the baby is going to die if the cord is cut.
I didn't know nignogs worked with Soros too
Congratulations!You must have woken up from a coma five minutes ago.World must seem like crazy to you?
I thought it was mostly whites and mix-raced kykes.
But they do.Sorry to give you a rough awakening, but they do.Most of them are not aware that they do, but they do.
i have a feeling the offsprings of these idiots will hate them.I think with enough luck the future is bright.
Us doing a single god damn thing Listen here fagotGLERNK is the ultimate mega world war  epic manBLONK will not betray usFLERMP is a man that will... give these kids their just desertWe sit here and post dapper froggos sometimes and GLEEEERG steam whistles us
Just see who handles the BLM money flow. That's all you need to know. I am not going to hand it to you. Dig yourself.You see, in this world there's two kinds of people, my friend: Those with loaded guns and those who dig. You dig.
BLERG
get your kid gassedsue for  millionsgenius
I know BLM is a massive scam. Notice all the GoFundMes for $, memorials for the same  niggers who got shot for chimping out. All that money goes to the same  accounts, and when they met their goal they raise it.
Wanna know why the whole world, we have built, is a scam? Everything is a scam.the life we should live, is too simple. It gives no more challenge.BLM, Antifa, appeals to people because they are dead bored. Sick and tired of looking heros on tv. People want to get some real good action.This is where all the geopolitical chess players taps into.
Lol, tHe mUrIcAn wAyYour country is one huge embarrassment lol
So basically, the people with "god mode", as in shitload of money, spends their money. To push things here and there, merely out of boredom.
This coming from Germany...
Has there ever been a more pathetic president in U.S. history?

yeah ok buddy
no... he is even buddies with epstien.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFEsFGS-
Has there ever been a more pathetic shill campaign in history? Likely not. Seethe more faggot.
you say, for the millionth time, as if meritocracy and going to backfire on the small number of "actual nazis" you're trying to demoralize
He CAN'T stop sucking BBC.
Whether you support him or not it's fucking hilarious that there have been people posting for  straight years trying to convince others not to vote for him again.
he was still unronically better for trump base
seethe and cope bitch
American culture is centered around niggers. They have holidays for niggers. They killed hundreds of thousands of white men to free niggers. They listen to nigger music. They elect a nigger as their president. They dress and act like niggers. They draw the entirety of their modern culture from niggers. They post sassy gifs about niggers. They watch sportsball in worship of niggers. Their biggest event of the year involves throwing parties in honor of niggers playing sports. They use nigger slang like "bruh" and "thot". When you say "Martin Luther" they're not thinking of the father of protestantism. They're thinking of the nigger. Their cities are completely overrun with niggers. They worship their ZOGbot police force disproportionately filled with niggers and their global police force of soldiers filled with niggers. Their men sit around watching nigger ball while their women sit around watching nigger talk shows. They worship niggers like Muhammad Ali and Michael Jordan and Michael Jackson and the late Mike Tyson while attacking the whites who actually built their country before niggers took over. Their movies are filled with niggers and their music charts are topped by niggers. They send niggers to the Olympics and celebrate when the niggers win because those niggers are true red blooded american niggers. They watch nigger porn to a point where "BBC" does not make them think of an international media company but about nigger penises instead. They will tell you how much they hate niggers and how the mutt's law meme is a stale joke and they are just pretending to love niggers but the evidence speaks for itself in that America has always been and will be a nation of nigger loving niggers.
why do useless niggers have so much power?
nigger
this is fucking amazing. a vote for trump is a vote for blacks. and he's going to win anyway. black lives matter.
Why does the right allow Big Tech to dominate them?
SubtitleBut the Free Speech argument IS a moral argument, what the fuck am I reading.
they're too invested in capitalist narratives about private business to advocate regulating the shit out of silicon valley
LA is a shithole and even Joe Rogan is moving out of there
He's gonna help turn Texas blue
/pol/ humor thread.

I TOOK A SHIT ON THE FLOOR TODAY
what the fuckthat picture made me laugh
/b/
It always makes me laugh. Maybe i'm a little autistic. Or maybe its my injun blood showing
and you had to post that pic because?!?

it also makes me laugh every time i see it.nice get btw.
A swede walked with a finn.The swede asked from the finn that all finnish men are so based and cool.The finn said, because we won all the swedish wars, kicked russians ass so many times and after all that we let our women think they are superior. The swede went back home, kicked arabs, somalies and russians and he died.

I did that to my dick a couple days ago. Then I remembered why I still wear boxers in the summer
top kek


frank and beans!

GLORMP

/pol/ humoron /b/Are you slow fren? :/
GLERMP
/

Wait until they figure out it rolls better on paved roads.
nigger
Jesus that pusst must have been lOOse
my region :)
I like how he trained so hard he got taller
saying the truth? good!here's your honorary titles retired.
]:?(l)GRUG SAY FUCK OFF
lol, wtf.
The light being off in the last panel is a nice touch
this isn't /b/
not doing height hangs in Ishiggydiggy
Kek. How does he keep getting away with it?
Yeah so we made tests and have proof that there are difference between their IQs.Gets labeled as racist. Fucking christ please nuke humanity. If they'd disprove his arguments I'd get that. But this is yet another thing that pisses me off about humanity.
wew lad
Its like if we built a society around christine chandlers sonichu
A goddamned legend.

 It took until TWO THOUSAND AND NINETEEN for Africa to apply the wheel to water transportation. Let that sink in.
x)
every damn time this gets me
Nigger
Someone pls explain
what the fuck
what the hell am I seeing?
Faggot
Not only this, but now the commie animals are charging visitors money to see his grave, because they couldnt figure out how to otherwise pay for its upkeepahahahahaHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHHA!
didn't learn stop, drop, and roll
That was a good one
what is this
based kanye
Based ai.
reddit bumpersticker on the bottom leftSubtle placement.

its not even a wheel barrow, retard

It’s always fucking Fritz, never any other cunt Just this one cucked German.


 Mutts are completely fine with this and worship these people
Fucking soulless devils.


Niggerfaggot
every army has gay vibes tho
that guys pathetically out of shape. I would have bounded up those stairs and vaulted over the railing at the top, and im 
kek

Jokes on you I will never have a wife
I'm always astounded by how, after the first few seconds of being on fire, people seem to calm down a lot. I wonder if it stops being painful once all the nerves have burned. If so, maybe it's not so bad to actually DIE of fire, just to be badly burned and survive.
every, single, day
https://youtu.be/si-kQUXCZyw dislikes on this video get

nothing more could be expected from modern Germ** army desu.
 I studied the blade
nice digits, also what the actual fug reeeeeer
What a day this was.

mislabels
A wheel is not a wheelbarrow. I agree with you. I did not make that claim. You are a homosexual.These are all facts.
We got too cocky mammalbros
Is this the famed  slaps of the SoiJutsu?
LMAO you are racists and you make me fail with your "pol humor" threads.Face it, most negroes will be infinitely more successful than sad virgins. History is wrong, get over it hosers.
you may not like it but this is what peak performance looks like.
The point is that its a stupid invention, because wheelbarrows exist. You are a dumbass. These are facts.
Holy based
thank you based bros, ~ to go.
i thought it was pretty intimidating. what can you do when an autistic screecher attacks you? you can't very well hurt the retard. that would be wrong.

oops wrong thread
Hear hear, /KLLs!  kills for each of us will even up the numbers handily. Good hunting.
Kraut/pol/ &amp; AfD/Flügel/NSDAP General - For our German Girls Edition (Kerstin-free)
fpbp
Ami go Homehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OipoGlqCA
why haven't you meditated today, faggot?
Mate, are you snacking on Panzerschokolade, because it seems like you are always awake?.
ATTENTIONThis general is run by shills paid by one the German gov. agency (Verfassungsschutz). This is why you see so many nazi devotionalia posted.They run this OP simply to denounce the right-wing as borderline retarded incels, especially so because right now the trial of the "doorcuck" (Halle attack) is. They try to ban all "social media" which won't implement access for the German police and censors. So in other words, they want to ban access to chan and you can observe here a "psyop" made in Germany.Yes, they are that pathetic.Enjoy.
But this general goes way back, long before the trial even started.
Bernd is a glowie?
'sup freunds. Adolf says hi.
I'm about to... breakfast eaten, tea drunk, I feel relaxation in the rear end and meditation time on the klo:D
sure am
basiert
Hatha-Toilet-Seat-Meditation counts too
Do you even watch anime? Are your nipples even pink? The world no longer makes sense.
nah, kerstinfag is a schizo:D
At least he's done with his Arab LARP. Was a strange one.
fren
keks, yup
Do you even watch anime?what kinda sick insult is this?*checks*they sure do look pink to me
Phew. I can relax again. Back to our main mission!
*nods*fren..

Hey Krautbros I'm learning German through DW to shitpost with you
OK, brb, meditation time
That body is very fascinating to me. Bizarre shape.
Moin, frens ^_^
self defense genocideKEK, enjoy your shit famalam
It is called Klinefelter syndrome.
Ja, Morgenings auch, fren! ^-^
this photo is old as fuck. this was before all these beta numale onions boy cucks became a majority. look at the majority of men nowadays. they have no spine
Hey, look after the /a/ thread whilst I sleep will ya?
No.
oooooo.... feews soooo goooot
Thanks. Damn, this is quite common, isn't it.It affects between  in  and  in , newborn males
No one asked you nigger
you already go slep, Lumfren? :c too bad, sweet dreams of Lum thosure thing, can't promise for survival tho :D
Glad to be back after h shift. I see this edition came early and except for the Kerstinfag it seems comfy enough, desu. Anything new on the westfront?
Somebody redpill me on Kohlchan
It is quite often. Considering one rarely sees them I presume they don't make it a lot of the times. Truly a terrible fate indeed.Good n you seether.
It's pretty healthy so it shouldn't be too difficult to keep alive, Gn mate
* Common
You think lifting would help there? Keep the body fat % low and get the shoulders as wide as possible. Without the small shoulders, wouldn't have looked that weird to me I don't think.
Stoppen Sie den Hunnen. Nehmen Sie ihre Frauen als Preise.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jXbDQBsFFIE
It is a genetical error. They have hypogonadism and a lot more stuff. You can't do anything with training to fix this.
had a great time reading this post, got me one step closer to pulling the trigger on buying a brand new stool that i can use to get to the top shelf of my gun safe where i keep my quality cigars, prolly gonna smoke one on my pretend back porchTerrible fate indeed.
h shiftczechedpoor czechbro! that sounds nasty, calm or not - got some decent breakfast as treat?westfrontdid you noticed the BDM-thingy?
checked Gut' N Lumfren
One of the reason why I push for early scanning of diseases in unborn children. Due to the bias against Eugenics this won't ever happen in Germany.
Anything new on the westfront?Hmm, most likely the EU budget/recovery plan.Seems like it is the first time in the Unions history, that it is collectively borrowing up to  billion euros from financial markets, which will be allocated into a recovery fund and distributed among various members states to combat the effects of COVID + help the economy.
calm or notNope. It was something strange in the water and air, people were crazy all around. Everything was shit, Funk was screeching with one case after another for all departments, all regions. Sigh... I suspect warm night after a long time was main culprit.got some decent breakfast as treat?Indeed! Now I am saturated with sugar and my hatred for human stupidy is not overtaking me anymore :Ddid you noticed the BDM-thingy?How could I? Our Lügenpresse will never report anything which smear the shiny globohomo jail called EU. So please, enlighten me, I feel out of the loop again...
Of that I know, Austriabro. I even catched an article about Kanzelr Kurz being a winner of that struggle, because he forced others to make debt a bit smaller. Still, this (((glorious recovery plan))) will fuck us greatly for generations to come.
https://www.focus.de/panorama/welt/neue-gruppierung-der-rechten-szene-irritation-nach-seltsamem-maedchenaufmarsch-in-sachsen_id_.htmlour girls were seen larping as BDM (which i highly approve of)Lügenpresse screeching, silent majority is realFunk was screeching with one case after another for all departmentsUff, this goroner hoax probably makes everything even worseIndeed! Now I am saturated with sugar and my hatred for human stupidy is not overtaking me anymore :Dawesome! the most important meal of the day, fren :
our girls were seen larping as BDM (which i highly approve of)Lügenpresse screeching, silent majority is realNoice! I will look into it, sounds interesting :Uff, this goroner hoax probably makes everything even worseSadly, it ain't hoax, but it seems that we underestimated the chink virus and it came back. I say it is not fucking us that hard. Btw it had no influence on my shift, that was just human stupidity in it's finest -_-
as the one who started the NSDAP General:fuck you Kerstincreeper
pic of the /mädels/ in question
Noice!exactly my initial thought :Drather whitepilling desuSadly, it ain't hoaxi kinda disagree on that. i mean, sure there is a wuhan virus, but it's not nearly as dangerous or infectious as habbeningfags and msm wanted to make us believe - at least that's what i heard from nurses. a city of k people and not a single case, but everything is panic mode. people are starting to notice, every single shop-owner and cashier i asked about this doesn't even believes that it exists anymore. very strange vibes.confirmed/ourgirls/
Sieht sehr hübsch aus <
Males suffering this disease have an extra X chromosome. Weird. There is a version for females too which is like quite like the inverse of this illness. It makes them short and hairy.
another group that was seenthey are poppinng up like mushrooms
The chink virus exists it is just over-estimated with a purpose. Whatever that might be.
Hello, Hungariabro! ^_^Sweet! That is really nice whitepill indeed, based girls. Don't tread on beauty...
poppinng up like mushroomsNice! Also those people there look rather happy about it. ^^
Ich kann den Juden darüber schon zittern und mit den Zähnen klappern hören! :DDD
Good morning fren. I’ve read that you had a  hour old shift. How did that look like in practice? I mean you had some time to sleep you just did it in during wörk innit?
had a field day yesterday reading the twitter page of "Dresden Nazifrei" :Dsomeone posted pic related there as well
Sleep? You wish. You need to work whole  hours, and even without pause, if there are cases to be solved. Sigh... at least I have few days free after this.
Der Saujud hatte ja nie wirklich die Kontrolle, nicht einmal über den Normie. Aber der Normie ist generell friedfertig und akzeptiert viel schweigend, solange seine kleine Welt nicht gestört wird. Aber einen Sinn für schlichte Ästhetik hat der Normie immer gehabt, man siehe den breiten Erfolg von Romantikfilmen oder den Kitsch alter Disney-Produktionen. Das funktioniert heute noch das ist zeitlos.
The cashiers in our supermarket never wore those stupid masks. Not a single one of them dies, even though they have a lot of contact to people, touch dirty money etc. But! There was this one standing at the information thingy telling me to wear a mask next time.I come shopping. While not wearing one herself.
Rilax now, fren. You deserve some rest. :)
bild angehängtWhoa based. Why aren‘t today Germans like they used to be...
Of course they look happy. People are usually happy when they see other whites and not some muzzie/nigger shit. Unless they are hapas then they look at whites with hate. Fuck hapas (not japanese).
Kek! It is a Potemkin village (although I see a general use for masks during "pandemic" seasons like when flu hits again, maybe we can keep that) ... the whole shit was led ad absurdum by incompetency and bureaucratic inertia. Brilliant!
Based.TwitterEchochamber for useless trannies and faggots.
 Unless they are hapas then they look at whites with hateTruthpilled. Good I could at least drop this important redpill in this sub
https://www.berlin.de/polizei/polizeimeldungen/pressemitteilung..phpImagine being so retardet as to rob a spätkauf and ONLY robbing the cash register and not the drug money laindering backroom. What a loser.
It wasn't due to your redpills but to own experience. I see hapas quite often, one was even the lawyer of the gegenseite in some court thing years ago and he just hated my guts and was always seething lel.
That is my intention, senpai. Vielen Dank ^_^
 hours without a pause? Literal medieval serfs had much shorter shifts. Even the wage slave chinks in those sweatshops. Respect for you fren. This is willpower. I know it‘s not polite to ask...but do you get an okay salary for this? I mean you have a  hour shifts you deserve a good wage for that.
https://samnytt.se/aldreboendets-personal-kan-inte-svenska-aldring-fick-ingen-mat/so goot, so diverse, so vibrant, so tolerant
echochamberyeah duh but the seething is spectacular
Wir schreiben das Jahr ! NICHT  A.D!!!! Könnte man bei diesen Bildern glatt vergessen!Hat man denen ins Gehirn gesch .ssen, oder was *angry smily*Als Antwort auf ein Bild mit Kopftuch Muslimas.Auch:Sushi brainPantifa flagJa, eure Meinungen zählen.
You're always welcome! :)
wir sehen alles..Ja, Moin auch, Genetiker!Aber der Normie ist generell friedfertig und akzeptiert viel schweigend, solange seine kleine Welt nicht gestört wird. Aber einen Sinn für schlichte Ästhetik hat der Normie immer gehabt, man siehe den breiten Erfolg von Romantikfilmen oder den Kitsch alter Disney-Produktionen. Das funktioniert heute noch das ist zeitlos.Na wenigstens haben die Normalschwuchteln überhaupt irgendwas, dass für sie spricht, gell?Not a single one of them dies, even though they have a lot of contact to people, touch dirty money etc.this. always keep that in mind & make other people aware of that fact
Make people aware of the factI do. People sometimes give me shit for not wearing a mask and tell then about the workers there. They still dont get it and say "WeLl tHey DoNT hAve tO wEar oNe cuZ theYr BoSs saId So!!"
You can czech police loan on teh interwebz. It is brutto of course, see for yourself. For safety reasons, I will never post my rank, how long I serve and how high is my Rizikozusatz (-,- CZK, guaranteed by law). I say police wage is decent, not great, not terrible. Could be higher for all the shit we do, but I personally am satisfied with what I earn (which is heresy in my country, for it is our national habit to screech about how underpaid we are :D).Oh, and the link, sadly only in CZ. Btw I work on shifts, that means % higher salary.https://www.kupnisila.cz/plat-policisty-hasice/#priplatkyExample - cop is in the th class (rank Fähner, function Inspector (we have double-class ranks), most of the bolicemen in the streets in CZ), serves up to  years, works in Prague (Rizikozusatz -,- CZK, we use the k for our counting). He can also earn Personalzusatz, but it tends to be very low for us streetcrawlers, let's say ,- CZK. Let's not fuck it up with various taxation deviations (z.B. having kids makes your wage a bit higher). Now we have cop with brutto Lohn ,- CZK. Multiply it by , and you have approximate Netto Lohn - ,- CZK. ,- € is currently ,,- CZK, that means ,,- Teuro. That is cop after almost  years of service.For the lulz - colleagues in Bayern, when starting as rookies, earn ,- € Brutto.
:D
can someone tell me which font this is?
The cashiers in our supermarket never wore those stupid masksSeems like a retarded policy.
Na wenigstens haben die Normalschwuchteln überhaupt irgendwas, dass für sie spricht, gell?Yeah, they're quite dull, docile and often not that smart. The biggest danger about them is their hedonism (although due to their dullness I doubt one could really label it as such) and their fear. These two have to be controlled, otherwise you can work with that Material in a meaningful way. It's engineering, just observe the design parameters and have realistic expectations. The positive thing is that the majority of them wants to be "good" ... it is an ingrained instinct for compliance with the group's ruleset, a survival mechanism. Yet this partially seems to be instinctive, almost hereditary ... just like the sense for simple wholesome aesthetics. Emotional core features so to speak. Trigger these and you have direct access to their little minscape. The rats forgot how to target these in their attempts for subversion, the diseased mind of their regressive progeny have lost that connection (or maybe they never had it, maybe they just copied it from the true herders, rat see, rat do).
Snek is long!!Comfius maximus! :DDD
Don't forget that a lot of normies think they are smart and gebildet.
I say police wage is decent, not great, not terrible.That quite good to hear. Do you often have so long shifts? How long is your shift on an average? Let‘s say it‘s . Than you have for example  days off I assume. Also the trainings make you /fit/, right? Not having sleep for a long time isn‘t positive for your health there must be something to compose that.
What are the chances?
A Jewish trick, a very basic one. Same as "individualism", they sell the normies the illusion of being en par with the nobility in skills and importance. It is the same as little girls playing princess. A cheap trick, yes ... as the normie does not "fit the glove" and will feel ever more empty as the reality does not meet the aspirations implanted in his mindscape. The results are a vicious spiral of depression and emptiness leading to degeneracy and hedonism and vice versa.
of you not being mutted? close to zero i suppose
Fren, you need to stop as so much questions, you look like a kid ~_^My normal shift is h,  are rare. But there are some departments who do only h shifts and they have  of them per month. And of course, commanders and other office workers do only  hour shifts with free weekends.trainings make you /fit/, rightAin't that obvious, don't you think? :D Not having sleep for a long time isn‘t positive for your health there must be something to compose that.That I know, being sleep deprived is worse than being drung, one such night lessens your immunity for %. But I will manage, for I will have enough sleep tonight.
This!!!Also digits confirm.
Agreed. They tell normies that if they just put in the effort they will one day become elite aswell. It is like holding a carrot in front of a mules head. It will walk after the carrot but the carrot always slips away, just barely out of reach. But at least the mule will at some point get the carrot, at least when his owner is nice. The normie will never get the carrot. He will get old, tired, depressed and even in death he will still be in the believe that the carrot was in reach. Tay is like this for example.
%.
A video for you fellow germfags https://youtu.be/ITQohGeEqJM
Fren, you need to stop as so much questions, you look like a kid ~_^Okay-okay I was just curious about how you carrier looks like. Next time I‘ll try to contribute more to the conversation than to ask. Plus my childhood wasn‘t that long ago anyways tho... :DHave a nice rest you deserve it. I have to go now cya.
fellow germfags"omg based shitskin"fuck off Chaim
posting with a selfie as your pic related
I doubt one could really label it as suchprobably. also that word gets thrown around quite too often. indulgence is a good thing. nihilism and the resulting hedonism are what's the real problem. lack of perspectives in the here and now.observe the design parametersdesign is shit. how am i supposed to work with trash? the gods are insulting me & i will make them pay for that.beyond good & evilif you can't into that, you better follow than leadwe need wolves in human clothing, not humans in wolves clothingsimple wholesome aestheticsif beauty and truth weren't as objective as they are at times, we'd fight a hopeless battlebeing en par with the nobility in skills and importance"""nobility"""there is no nobility, hasn't been any in  years. only the (((succesful))), whatever that meanstrue nobility and aristocracy can only be achieved by those who are willing to completely step out of what is considered established at this point. i sure wish that feudalism would make a comeback, everyone who disagrees with me could lick my feet then.ill-fit glovesfor an ill-fit civilization. the evolian approach i mentioned before would immediately pay off for those who pursue it, if they have the right mindset and eyes to see.Don't forget that a lot of normies think they are smart and gebildet.unfortunately these faggots do.I'd call them "dumme Bauern", but that's an insult towards to the great farmers who are the salt of the earth, so i'll just go with faggots.People sometimes give me shit for not wearing a maskthis. have a greentext:be mestrolling_along.jpfno mask ofcüberhole boomer auf gehsteigboomer:"hurr keep distance durr"me, loud and audibly:"blah blah!"boomer, seething:"nooooo, it's not 'blah blah', i...me: *snaps*turns around"Ja, verpetz mich doch an Mutti, du Affe!"boomer is absolutely baffledBernd simply goes his way
Guten morgen Deutch menchen.
Don't get me started on boomers. A completely useless generation that is responsoble for the suffering of so many whites just to get a pension/rente. There are boomer classes in the park next door where they do yoga.  year olds doing fucking yoga. Meanwhile young people cant even afford that fucking class, neither financially nor time wise with  jobs. Also words likeDie jungen Menschen haben es heute so gut!will to strangle intensifiesAnyways I will be going to the forrest to take a hike and clear the mind. See you guys later.
Tay is like this for exampleKek! But yeah, classical case of buying into the delusion. Too low desire to eat lightbulbs. I might sound like a complete asshole now but I see myself as actual "emergent elite". Not nobility, no ... there is nothing noble about me. More a ruthless conquerer at heart, a usurper, a barbarian. Someone with a chance of climbing to the top, fighting tooth and nails, biting, scratching and murdering ... until I can sit on a throne made from the skulls of the old elite. But you see, I don't take this outcome as granted. It is rather very unlikely. Still, the desire is there. And maybe worse, I am not even interested in power at all! I could not give less fucks. No, I am a zealot, an ideologue, a fanatic ... seeing my way as the only way and trying to enforce my will on the world as the ultimate expression of my duty and my love for humanity. Because there is no other way. All other ways lead towards extinction. :Dhow am i supposed to work with trash?Wanna come with me down to Turkey facility? It is running now ... nice enough for my tastes. ;)we need wolves in human clothingYes. See above.a hopeless embraceOur battle will always be hopeless, fren! This only makes my penis harder! :Dtrue nobility and the ill-fit gloveThere is a "lesser nobility" these days, there will always be one, it is a requirement for any society to function. Question being: what kind, what flavor of nobility it is. Today we are back to the "temple economy" of ancient Sumer, led by hollow prophets and effeminate scribes. This might only be gradually changed unless you follow a burnt earth approach (which I see as viable but to be avoided). Things will improve due to the inevitability of emergence.
Grüß dich, PajeetGib Tandoori Chicken
Morgenings, fren! May Kali bless your day. :)
Gib Mir eine Aryan Frau.Viven, danke. Segne dich schöner Deutschland.Lernst klien Deutsch so I can shit post.
Don't get me started on boomers. A completely useless generation that is responsoble for the suffering of so many whites just to get a pension/rente. There are boomer classes in the park next door where they do yoga.  year olds doing fucking yoga. Meanwhile young people cant even afford that fucking class, neither financially nor time wise with  jobs.Bildanhang relatiertI will be going to the forrest to take a hike and clear the mind. See you guys later.Basierter Waldgänger, cya
Welcome to /pol/ - Politically Incorrect
Check the catalog before posting a new thread!
Reply to existing threads about a topic instead of starting a new one. New users who do not abide by this principle will be temporarily blocked from creating threads. Mods will delete obvious duplicate threads and spam without notice. Don't bitch because your twitter screencap thread got deleted; there are probably other threads about it. Go look!
How do you justify making the conscious choice to be religious?
You don't choose. You're indoctrinated.
Many people on /pol/ weren't raised religious and made a conscious choice to convert in an adulthood to be more "trad" or "redpilled"
Just ask a diety for help when you feel like your health is poor/feeling tired or you need help with something
I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else.C.S. Lewis
Many on an edgy and contearian anonymous meme-sharing board versus most people in the world.
Figure I'll never really know the truth till I finally kick the bucket, so I just try and pray a few times a week to once a night. Doesn't take that much time out of my life and it covers my ass in the event that there is a god of some kind.Would like to get to mass sometime as well, work schedule permitting.As for the Bible, it makes for some good life advice and moral guidance but I don't put all of my heart and soul into adhering to every principle written down by some ancient goat herders who ALL claimed to talk to God. There's bound to be bullshit in there. I just try and be a decent person, man. Not like I'll know what God REALLY wanted me to do for absolute sure until I meet him.There, I bit your shitty b. Happy?
retards and geniuses belive in GodI guess OP is your average NPC
How does that explain the existence of a Christian god specifically? You've said that the beauty of creation makes it obvious that there was a creator...How do you then determine that this creation was the Christian god and not the Muslim god? Or the Hindu god?What data do you have?Go ahead. I'll wait.
This is a non answer.You basically just said "yeah I'm not sure if god exists, so I just vaguely sort of pray sometimes and kind of imagine he exists in an abstract way"I don't know why you thought what you said here had any weight to it whatsoever
How do you justify making the conscious choice to be religious?You pick the right path, faggot .
Not an argument, faggot.All you've said is that you decide your "beliefs" based on pure emotion and wishful thinking. Like a woman.
humans do not posses absolute knowledge (if such a thing even exists)you don't know what you don't knowa tribe in the amazon for example might have no / conflicting proof about microwaves existing, but that doesn't mean microwaves don't existas such we can only make statements with a probability between ~. and ~.%a certain degree of faith / trust / hope is always requirednow if we were to assume all religions were equally probable, then the best religion to follow is the one that gives us the best reward, threatens with the biggest punishment and is the easiest to follow. tho it would be so easy we'd already be following it so we're goodlastly if we assume there is a difference in the probability, how do you measure it. military success? wealth? amount of followers? age?let's say you were stranded on an island, and there were two tribes. one tribe kills little girls and eats them, the other tribe is good and caring, let's say the cannibals are winning wars against the good people, does that mean god is on their side and they are more probable?you could say instead that god has given us an internal compass to find him, but is it also not the case that different people are drawn to different things.do you believe in godi believe there is a possibility
prove he doesnt exist first. oh wait, you can't
I'm an atheistic gnostic, where do I come in?% LARP probability.
There has never been a single shred of evidence in human history that suggests any religious notion of a monotheistic God existsdefine evidence the bible is a record of human history, you just choose not to believe it and claim to know for certain not only that a monotheistic god existsif you "know for certain" then you have no faith. this is not what religion teaches.Christians, what inside information do you have about the afterlife that Muslims don't?christians trust that jesus rose from the dead, thus confirming that humans can do so also according to muslims, jesus did not die and thus did not get resurrected (quran :-)
There has never been a single shred of evidenceThe concept exists und thus a form of "monotheistic god" dimension exists, but is it like an abrahamic god? Fucckkkkk noooo hahaha.
I justify my conscious choice not to be a mental slave to merchants
what do you want to measure by? land area? wealth? military might? technological advances? peaceful societies? morality? works of charity? preaching / conversion rates? i think you'll find that by near every conceivable metric the christians show the biggest signs of being blessed also you have to keep in mind muhammad was a warlord, the people who followed him wanted plunder and sex slaves, meanwhile the disciples of jesus were put to death in terrible ways (fed alive to lions, beheaded upside down, flogged till their bones were showing, etc.) and all because they refused to reject that jesus was god, surely a scammer would have given up at the first tooth pulled
Yes it is, faggot.
way i see it he's saying that even if god didn't exist he would function better as an individual if he acted as tho he existed meaning that there is always someone watching you, testing you, judging you, helping you, caring about you, and so on and yes you might say "but why christianity" and again you have to see what other religions teach, muhammadans for example teach pedophilia (bukhari : [sahih], quran :) and will kill you if you reject it, among many other deprived things
Imagine how many people are not smart enough to see through the scam of religion, paranormal bullshit and pseudoscience. And then realize that you live in a world where logic and reason are a rare trait. Maybe less than one percent of the population is able to not be fooled.
Observe the desperate coping of a high estrogen, Jew worshipping mind
no material evidence for something non-materialno shit. it's impossible to fully understand something you're inside of
you don't know what you don't knowthere are uncontacted tribes in the amazon for example that don't know microwaves exist, but that doesn't stop microwaves from existinghuman knowledge covers a limited areabecause we lack ultimate* knowledge we can never say we know something with absolute certaintyit can only be a probability, from (aprox) , to ,%, but again ultimately what we believe is irrelevant to the truththere is the question of how do we determine the probability, and is a low-impact high probability better to take into account than a high-impact low probabilityas to the core of your questionCan a supernatural being existsure, aliens, ghosts, and all sorts of other "supernatural" (that is to say, beyond human comprehension, today or just in general) could easily existanything "supernatural" still existed before being "discovered", once it was, it no longer was considered supernatural, that doesn't mean it didn't exist before then thobtw here is your "non-pseudo science" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuKwzMEawI
This is an invalid argument because you start from the false position that one religion must be chosen as "the least bad"This is not the case. If we are presented with many unprovable religious claims, we don't have to select one as being "the least incorrect seeming". We can, and should, outright reject all of the religions because they don't have logic and evidence to back them up
How do you justify making the conscious choice to be religious?It is a moral choice.
I'm not claiming to know affirmatively that god doesn't exist, it is religious people who claim to know affirmatively that he does, which is false and invalid Dogshit argument. All historical groups had some form of religion, and in all eras, there were groups who had successful societies and were successful in war, even before Christianity For example, the romans were very successful and thrived, does this prove the existence of pagan gods?What about the gods of Egyptian thriving Egyptian societies?Before you try to argue "and where are those societies now?" I would ask you the same thing about Christian European society and the current state of the white race By your logic, it is Islam who is "winning" right now, so therefore their religion is the one that is currently correct
No, that wasn't the questionI'm asking you how it is that you are able to know and state affirmatively that this "non material" being even exists at all in the first placeIf you can't answer that, just shut up. Stop trying to act like you have a secret answer hidden up your sleeve. You don't. You don't know what you believe
outright reject all of the religionsdefine a religion we're talking about the truth here, both in terms of what is, and what we would defend it to be (for example if the muslim god was the real one, do i really want to be on his good side? i'd say not, so i would still reject him to his face even if it means i burn in hellfire)don't have logic or evidence but we have both. for example if you keep going back into creation, you would have to arrive at an un-created creator and there have been miracles reported (here's some examples https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HrqoCDzUWo) you just reject tem what would be evidence for you? if jesus appeared in front of you right now would you believe? why? could it not be an alien with high technology? could it not be you're hallucinating or dreaming / sleeping or gone crazy? could it not be just a prank by someone? seems to me the one rejecting evidence and logic here is you my friend
That's not an argument, low IQ faggot.Look, I can make empty statements backed up by no argument too: "God doesn't exist and you are a faggot"There you go. According to your logic, that's the truth now, simply because I said it is
it is religious people who claim to know affirmatively that he doesfalse, religion is based on faith everything else can only support that faith, but the bedrock still doesn't change romans were very successful and thrived, does this prove the existence of pagan godsromans all converted to christianity, clearly whatever the romans were worshiping was not as strong as the one true god  I would ask you the same thing about Christian European society and the current state of the white racerace has nothing to do with this, as for the christian europeans i don't know what you're referring to the orthodox for example have had to deal with huns, mongols, arabs, turks, commies, and are dealing with lust filled deviants today islam is "winning" right now how so, christianity has x the number of believers, and while muslim birth rates are ~ per woman, african christians are having ~ per woman. muslims are too busy killing each other, israel alone could nuke them all and be done with them
All you are saying here is that nothing can be knowable. Even if I saw Jesus, I would not be able to verify whether or not it is an illusion. I agree with thisThis applies to everything in my life. I accept that reality could be a simulation and all my memories could be fake and I could be a Replicant like in Blade Runner.It is religious people who are claiming to know somehing is true for certain, not me.So you see, your argument actually refutes your own position, not mine.
If you need proof. You'll never find it. That's why it's called faith. Try not being an asshole for  minutes and talk to God. Sometimes he answers. All the best to you.
I accept that reality could be a simulation and all my memories could be fake and I could be a Replicant like in Blade Runner.and this isn't a religion becaauuse?It is religious people who are claiming to know somehing is true for certain, not me.false, read above So you see, your argument actually refutes your own position, not mine.was your position not that we should only believe what we can prove with logic and evidence? you yourself just said you can't prove anything
No. Faith is the believe that somehing is absolutely true, without any proof or evidence. Faith is NOT saying "maybe it's true, and I like to think so" with an admission that you might be wrong. You're getting desperate now because you thought you had a good point and your ego was wounded when I refuted it easily and completely Again, you've completely arbitrarily isolated one historical case of one religious group defeating another and claiming that it's proof of their god's existence. By this logic, historical instances of Hindus defeating Muslims in battle, or the reverse, prove either those religions to be true at any given timeThis argument has failed, I am not going to waste my time refuting it againYou can try to make it about race, but the reality is the concept of "Christian Europe" has been completely erased, proving that Christians are not the chosen people as you claim. You can't refute this by arbitrary finding isolated examples where Christianity is thriving within a vacuum
NPC or schizo? We'll never know. Gonna post some demiurge shit.

Observe God Christ and the Holy Spirit crushing OP the leftarded jew roach.
I know and love my Jesus. He has made Himself known to me so many times in my life. He is my savior and nothing will ever change that. I praise His holy name!
Based poster.
If God doesn't order you'll life, somebody else will. With religion you can choose your master, unlike atheists who are ruled by passions they don't understand.
It's not a religion because I act in accordance with evidence that suggests to me that I'm a human being living on earth. I'm open to accepting that I'm wrong about this if at any time I am presented with contradictory evidence Religious people do not say "I believe my God is real because the evidence suggests it, and I'm open to the idea that my God does not exist". They instead say "I believe my god exists based on  evidence whatsoever, and I don't believe there's any possibility that I'm wrong"There's the difference. Got it? You lost. You're arguing in bad faith, you have no genuine will to truth in this conversation, and you know it.You emotionally WANT god to exist, and that is why you are arguing for it. There is no other reason whatsoever. Please have the courage and dignity to stop pretending otherwise.
I piss in the face of your weak Jew Christ
I'm not stating opinion. It is a fact that people make a choice to derive their morality from a religious tradition or to go it alone in some fashion without it. Choosing to be religious is a moral choice. but...but...there's no evidence for the religion!Yes, that's right. People make a rational choice to believe in something that is seemingly irrational, something that requires faith/belief, rather than simply the mere acknowledgment of facts.so it is choosing to engage in a delusion?Yes. That is the point. Congratulations: you now understand what Religion is. It is a discipline a person chooses to engage in, like martial arts, and faith is a key part of the discipline. The more interesting questions you should concern yourself with are:are there some advantages to choosing to believe?are them some things that the purely rational approach can't achieve that a faith-based "irrational" approach might achieve? (both for individuals and societies) are there downsides to a purely rational, evidence-based approach?Good luck exploring those questions.
Faith is the believe that somehing is absolutely truefaith is closer to "trust" than it is to "know" both are a form of "belief". if you truly had no sources you would be having "hope" and trust is stronger than that. as for knowledge you already accepted it's not possible for us to possess it Again, you've completely arbitrarily isolated one historical case of one religious group defeating another and claiming that it's proof of their god's existenceand i asked you what would it take to convince you You can't refute this by arbitrary finding isolated examples where Christianity is thriving within a vacuumwhy not. you can all yourself a christiand and yet live like a muslim, would you get god's blessing? how would that make any sense, clearly if you have be christian in practice, not to just hear the word of god but to obey it

How do you make a conscious decision to be such a mentally weak, truth-fearing cowardProjection on your part. You're ignoring the depth of thought and experience that can lead a person to a religion. Guenon converted to Islam, for example. Not that you'd know anything about free human behavior, though.  You've been indoctrinated into the secular labor-grid.
cus they fear from death.god is just a joke for them they are in it cus they are weak bitches whom need to believe that there is a place after death
Whats the difference between you thinking you have a relationship between an external deity and someone with an imaginary friend

Jesus will prove Himself to everyone. Every knee will bow, and every tongue confess, that Jesus Christ is Lord.
contradictory evidencesuch as? why would you believe those evidence that we're living in a simulation, but you will not believe evidence about god you have no definition of what evidence means You emotionally WANT god to existcould say the same for you, you want him to not exist either way, even IF what were true, what is so wrong about it? if you living in a totalitarian dictatorship but "based on emotion" wanted to live in a democracy instead, would you not attempt to peach democracy and bring it about, or are you saying you would just "live with the evidence" you're in a dictatorship and you're fucked btwreligious people do this religious people do that would it not be better to ask the religious people themselves? if i am counted as religious yet you claim i hold beliefs which i don't, isn't that just slander men before you did much worse and yet he still won
Trust the plan goyim gentileHow long have christfags been duped the by skyjew? the bible implied he would be back  years ago
be non-believer get shot"ohh, too bad there's no afterlife, i guess i'm gonna not exist now" THAT is manliness? and a person who would say a prayer is a bitch? you just gave up on life my friend, you had the chance to have hope, to resist and you rejected it, that's exactly what being a cuck is all about
muh  billions christcucksempty churchesYou are just coping my gypsy
How do you justify to reject the past and the history and the high times of your own civilization?Jeuss said: If you are my disciple, you will know the truth and the truth shall set you free.Maybe you are the truth-fearing coward and that is why you want to be in total charge and control and want to be your own god, rather than accepting that you are not the most high. (autohority)Hey belief is for free. Faith doesn't cost a thing.That is what Jesus and the bible teaches.Its the exit out of this misery.
who are ruled by passions they don't understand.WDHMBT?
You‘re not as smart as you think you are, Christianity has  years of philosophical tradition where Theologians answered your questions in numerous way,  years if we include the Greek philosophers such as Heraclitus or Socrates.Read the Church fathers instead of asking for material evidence for someone that is immaterial.
One is an anthromorphic cope the other one is the essence of life itself.Lmao mask off
You know that this is basically what the Kabbalah teaches and that -the Kabbalolah- is where all your freemason friends took their crap from?THIS is a very accurate abstraction of what jews do believe. Well the thought behind it to a certain extend.Their one maingod, is a multiple split personality shizo.
"But you, when you pray, go into your room, and when you have shut your door, pray to your Father who is in the secret place; and your Father who sees in secret will reward you"- matthew :meanwhile https://www.cnet.com/news/fatwa-forbids-muslims-from-traveling-to-mars/
Their one maingod, is a multiple split personality shizo.If you think that's what gnosis is I don't really now how to comment on it.
One is an anthromorphic cope the other one is the essence of life itself.How do you tell one apart from the other?
https://www.cnet.com/news/fatwa-forbids-muslims-from-traveling-to-mars/Its amazing how even hundreds of years after Muhammad you can see that its truly a faith by warlords and bedouins cultivated in the unforgiving deserts of Arabia.
i think be definition you know an imaginary friend is imaginary. it's in the name even if you did think for whatever reason it is not imaginary, ok then what is it, is it a ghost, is it a demon, is it a godwell if you think it's a god, then that's your religion, and now you compare with other religions on multiple levels to see if your belief holds up, but that's outside of the scope of this question
Not an argument.I asked you how it is you know that your god exists. If you can't answer that, then just say nothing.
 parts to life logic, emotion and intuition or mind body and spirit. Your arguement completely ignores the last  in favor of a factual viewpoint. You'll never understand until you can bridge the gap between all .
Its simple one is the Logos, necessary for existence the other one is not.Here are some videos that put in better words that i can:https://youtu.be/YrXjmHdAtghttps://youtu.be/ZpgAmTxFw
Logic / problem solving is not the only state of mind. It is easy to believe so since our current society is almost only based on consumerism, short constant dopamine spikes and ego (and problem solving or logic = enhanced production). You need to look further back in history, or at other cultures, to understand where spirituality comes from, and why people choose it.
Going around in circles.Christians claim to know something for sure, whereas I do not. Either refute that point or stop talking.Stop fence sitting like a coward. You're not an "unbiased third party agnostic". You're a Christian. You're embarrassed to commit to being a Christian in public because deep down you know it's a false, embarrassing belief system. You are not just "playing devils advocate", these are your own emotion based, christcuck beliefs
I believe there is more reason to believe in the existence of God than there is to reject it.Apologetics exists for a reason.I was raised without religion but didn't convert for either of those reasons. I joined because I believe it is true.
Savage.
refute that pointbut i have god is all knowing, humans are notchristians do not claim to be god / all knowing they trust / have faith in christ
So all those other Non christian religions that claim to have a direct  to  relationships with their external deity they are just play pretend delusional then?
No you get pissed on the face by His followers, dirty kike ;^}Kek , it's satan
Most people believe in some form of god because )The human brain has evolved to be predisposed towards deistic belief (as in seeing a conscious mind behind the natural world))They have been indoctrinated to believe in some kind of religion since childhood. There is really nothing more to that.Another theory is that religious belief is a way of coping with stress for "weak" people. If you believe that there is an all powerful god that loves you you can find meaning even kf your life is miserable. This might explain for example atheists having higher t levelshttps://www.mirror.co.uk/science/men-high-testosterone-levels-less-higher IQshttps://www.independent.co.uk/life-style/athiests-religious-people-intelligence-smarter-study-imperial-college-london-a.htmlbeing less afraid of deathhttps://www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/./X..?journalCode=rrbband having better phisical health, mental health and energy levelshttps://www.researchgate.net/publication/_Secularity_religiosity_and_health_Physical_and_mental_health_differences_between_atheists_agnostics_and_nonaffiliated_theists_compared_to_religiously_affiliated_individualsPeople with those characteristics (high IQ, good health, high SES) are subjected to less hardship/frustration therefore they have less of a need to believe in a deity.Tl;dr: religion is for weak people.
according to christianity adam and eve were the first humans in creation, and they were with god, later their children populated the earth it's only natural that there would be some of the truth left over in all human cultures to ever exist if you want to argue about stats as evidence (such as population, etc), i don't think the other religions fare vert well at all if you want to argue about logic, i don't even see the other religions attempting it, hence why for example south korea is something like % christian already
Tl;dr: religion is for weak people.Basically this, organized religion is a LARP for social benefit.

Last pic should say dead niggers but the point is the same
No evidence for adam and eve or the garden of eden thoughNo evidence for the global flood either or the Exodus story
cites Seneca the Younger, a devout StoicLmao the irony in your post
a LARP for social benefit.that's not exactly a criticism of it.
this is why, OP. Fear, fear of the absurdity of eternal damnation
Glorious day when you burgers n wetbacks burn for your sins
No, but it implies that it's not something you have to actively participate in.
Bow before the Holy Nigger, Patron Saint of Fentanyl Overdoses.
I feel like this is most religious folks deep down. That plus they would descend into nihilism should they realize that there is no god.
Avoid Judaism, Christianity and Islam. They fuck your mind up and other make the choises.
No, but it implies that it's not something you have to actively participate in.Not if you don't want to, no.
do you have proof that your greatgreatgreatgreat grandfather was called john? as i said "a tribe in the amazon for example might have no / conflicting proof about microwaves existing, but that doesn't mean microwaves don't exist"the belief is not based on evidence if you want to argue that it should be answer this either way all those things you mentioned have been argued to have evidence by many people, i'm sure you could find some videos or articles or something on it. you just prefer to trust "experts" who reject the evidence as not being good enough for them
How do you justify the conscious decision not to kill yourself?
Bits of truths can be found here and there through the left over divine spark of us.Some managed through sheer reason alone to come close to the truth of our existence, for example Heraclitus one of the first to really argument against the Polytheistic gods or Xenophanes.In most cases its not even pretend but genuine faith, but in someone thats not fulfilling and true.The funny thing that the Christian God was never seen as a person sitting in the sky, thats such a pagan conception of God lmaoThat dude was an utter rotten Hedonist who bore his sin with pride an just picked Christianity as a scapegoat you see it all the time.commit sin that feels good but makes you feel guiltyAbandon moral framework that makes you feel guiltyBecome degenerate Hedonist
I didn't ask where spirituality comes fromI challenged religious people to prove that their beliefs are validSaying "there are lots of historical reasons why people choose to believe that +=" does not make it a true statement that +=
but that doesn't mean microwaves don't exist"the belief is not based on evidenceFalse equivalency
the post
Why wont you?You have an afterlife awaiting you right?
Thats not what I askedNon christian religions that claim to have a direct  to  relationships with their external deity they are just play pretend delusional then?
Ironically, part of why I became a Christian is because anti-Christian arguments are weak.
Delusional? I dont know if thats the right term, i think misguided is better. But i guess you call the people that who are overtly zealous like Islamists.
Which ones
I've actually encountered a few people who have done the same. Cringe
no
You just dont want to admit that Religion is Santa claus for adults
CringeNot an argument
what's wrong with being moral
This
Neither is your feelings. Posting MM is cringe tho.
anime reaction posterWhy am I not surprised you are a complete faggot
problem is you can barley call it a life its not life its being a slave i have to pray  times a day which one of them has to be done in am i have to not eat anything or drink anything for a looooong time i have to dedicate my life to never talk to woman and my parents should pick my bride i have to learn arabic language cus I MUST READ QURAN i have to literally go out and die in the name of GOD i can marry a  years old as my second wife, raping her all day long while my first wife is watching me i don't give a fuck about her anymore i can't eat some kind of food and drink some kind of things cus god said its unhealthy western people are eating pork and drink beer they seems pretty well. i have to stone a human being to the death just cus they are attracted to same sex. i have to believe some illogical shit people will make fun of me as im a child rapist and goat fuckeri have to do all of this so finally i can go to heavenswhat christians does ? go to church every sunday. but catholicsand then they will go to heaven.how is this even fair ?maybe they have to do more than that but according to islam everyone will be judge by their own belief system so basically a chink will go to heaven by doing absolute nothingbeing muslim is like being a fucking slave to something that you don't even know exists or not
So you’re just an idiot then. Got it.Neither is your feelings.And neither is your faith. Posting MM is cringe tho.Your dick is cringe ngl.
Satanists believe all three Abrahamic religions are Jewish sorcery:www.satanisgod.org
Christianity isn't moralDUDE JUST KILL THIS PERSON FOR WORKING ON THE SABBATH LMAO
That depends on the set of morals. I think usury should be a capital crime, do you?
My faith isn't, no, but the arguments that support it give reason to.Your dick is cringeGood.
you're a poopoo mcdoodoo facehow will i ever recover?
Also, you wanna know God? Who do you think is doing the breathing/typing? You? Really? Do you know how to do that? Are you doing it, or are you just experiencing it being done, for you?God's as close as your next breath because he's going to breathe it for you.It's a "He" because it's always penetrating you (the Awareness Function) with information.
but the arguments that support it give reason to.All evidence points to there being no god. Sorry bud, you believe a lie.
Incorrect. Thanks for playing.
Yeah except its not. You are not making yourself look smart when you reject hundreds of years of philosophy and thought without even interacting or addressing it.Plus funny how you bring Santa Claus up, a literal Christian bishop and Saint.Like i said you have literally no clue what Christians believe
They don't want to see if it's real though. And the Brit is a retard, so don't be surprised if he seems like one. Most Brits are stupid as fuck, especially British atheists.
a possibilityBut you're making the assumption based on nothing. Since there is no evidence to back up your assumption.
Like i said you have literally no clue what Christians believeNo clue what christians believeKing James BibleSix days shall work be done, but on the seventh day there shall be to you an holy day, a sabbath of rest to the LORD: whosoever doeth work therein shall be put to death.Its literally in your bible Clearly you havnt a goddamn clue what you believe, even if it was old testament how was it moral to kill someone for gathering sticks  years ago?Go ahead defend that
You're not willing to step outside your own indoctrination and dogma. Your questions presume you already have the answers.You want me to explain Christian theology in "atheist" materialistic terms. It's like if I asked you to demonstrate that science works but you're only allowed to use Christian theology to do that.Atheism is inherently dishonest. You lie to yourself that your worldview has more justifications than any other but you have no basis for anything. No justifications for anything. It's absolute surrender of the will to abstract forces or as Christians call them, demons. Atheism is willful ignorance, most commonly only to serve your hedonistic urges.
A book about talking snakes and the human race coming from incest families is realtop fucking lel
B-b-b-b-but iTs thE oLd tEstAmeNt!
Satanism is literally jewish Sorcery
atheists don't understand nonliteral languageWhat a surpriseIronically, atheism is little better
I make very honest sincere pleads for Christ but I'm not filled. And sometime shortly after my face returns to it's typical expression I know I will do this again and again throughout my life.Am I not sincere? I despise myself I think to myself this is not real if it had been surely I will exprience but I hold onto hope and try again
muh Bullshit. White commit the most crimes in the USA
Literal BLM propaganda, oh ok then anti western propaganda fuck you
muh Yeah more like 
Cope
The funny thing in this chart is actually the % chance is much much higher since this doesn’t take into account the ratio of blacks.
dui percentages are actually representative of the population
I wonder why blacks are so violent.
YO MUHFUGGIN PER CAPITA IS RAYSISS DAWG
Jesus and this isnt even adjusted per capita hahahahahaha
violence helps to survive in primitive civilizations
combines the latino population with whites
Blacks are % of the population yet in all categories are above %.Only thing a niggers knows how to do is commit a crime
The Left refuses to take into account per capita when referring to crime but not when it refers to the disproportionate amount of black arrests (which can be explained BY crime statistics). Even if you wanna say that black neighborhoods are more policed and those figures only refer to arrests (and you'd be correct) and not convinctions, in , black Americans represented % of the sentenced prison population, nearly triple their % share of the U.S. adult population. And black incarceration rates have actually gone DOWN since , while it's gone up for whites. Source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp////almost-nobody-is-paying-attention-to-this-massive-change-in-criminal-justice/
Why are leftists and niggers unable to understand statistics?
The real lessons from this graph is Hispanics are good at avoiding arrest and the extra % on gambling was what, Asians?Pic not related
Damn my grammar sucks.
If you have a population of M white people with a K crime rate and a M Black population with a K crime rate then sure, bare numbers say more whites commit crimesBut percentage wise, Blacks are clearly a higher percentage of criminals, that's the problem
Fake account and obviously rightoid bait
lol, this actually confirms . Plus, lations commit -% of crimes?with all their Latino gangs, cartels, MS etc.&
this has to be a joke or a larp. Your own stats makes blacks look incredibly bad. % population, at least double that and typically  times overrepresented in every single category.
too bad there is  black for every  whites, so if you take that to account, you see the actual tendencies of a specific race
Blacks aren't below % of any crime in that image. But I guess you're right it should be  now.
hispanics are good at avoiding arrest% of the white crime statistics are just illegal spics that self-identify as white. A true /pol/ack would know this.
Leftists are intentionally disingenuous and know the truth but shove their fingers into their ears and drown out that info. By admitting that we're right in our views on race, they think that we can use this to our own white supremacist benefit or some shit and that it'll worsen society. Bezmenov said in , they're just useful idiots and their day of reckoning will come and it will be too late. Some are genuinely delusional or just straight up ignorant and can't understand common sense (Correlation is not causation, cause and effect, etc.) But I would argue most are simply afraid of admitting that those pesky evil fascists were actually onto something for once. Since to them, a broken clock isn't right twice a day and immoral people (like us apparently) can't be right (Ex: You're a *insert buzzword here* so your argument is invalid). So what they do is repeat a lie several times and eventually they start to believe it. This is called programming. 
A lot of hispanics are counted as white lol... Remember how media described Zim Zam
% on gambling was what, Asians?East Asians are biggest gambling degenerate out there. It's part of their culture.
I'm guessing Hispanics are lumped in with whites in that image. I'm pretty sure they account for more than % of all murder.
It’s the truth dummy
Nope, its only whites It’s literally only non Hispanic whites
Ahhh right I always forget that Hispanic is a subcategory of white on government forms.Am I right on the gambling part at least?I want to snowball a meme of German-Mexican pride because it would be funny and I hate polka and mariachi or whatever that annoying music that blares out of every construction site in the southwest and wakes my ass up after a graveyard shift.
Burgerland seems to have a very loose definition of white.
So this confirms that % of population does .% of the murder.Now you also need to take the consideration the term "white" in US crime statistics and what goes into that term.https://archive.org/details/red-pill-rd-edition/page//mode/up
Nigger
So if Asians are -% of the population and all of these numbers aside from gambling add up to near % does that support that Asians commit less crimes or are caught for less?The second would be far more interesting.
Per capita.
Here is some proper statistics. Not sure if you can read (I know you guys have some problems with reading and studying) it but there also some linkshttps://aillarionov.livejournal.com/.html?fbclid=IwARVdn_pwLbdTMAiRkSEhyLvKSXpBA_yjHrSyHQDOqNNYpmM
Is the DUI stat so much lower because blacks cant afford cars or alchohol?
% of populationAt least double that in every single crime statYeah this debunks everything kekWhere are Latinos?Probably lumped in with whitesUltra kek
Here is the real figures after deducting the "Latino or Hispanic" from the "White" category.Real Whites actually commit a lot less crime than the blm stats say they doData source: https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s//crime-in-the-u.s.-/tables/table-
If the population of whites and blacks were the same, you'd have a point. Given that blacks are less than %, this numbers trully speaks bad of your lot.Learn statistics
White figures might actually be less, as per note. not all police departments keep ethnicity breakdown figures so you can gaurantee the ones that don't are lumping the lations in with the Whites on their crime figures.
Why are these never adjusted for recidivism? Career criminals are responsible for half of all crime, and the one and done criminals are more proportional to group percentage in society.
This still shows you're more violent, is this a troll?
blacks make up % of the population, whites make up %. also I looked at the link, idk how they got those percentages lol
How can % commit % of the murders? Whats wrong with niggers?
% murderWhat the fuck? That's just impressive.

Why niggers we wuz as Olmecs
Look at where the Olmec civilization was, and just laugh. What's even funnier is some Mexicans actually believe that too. They literally live in Mexico and don't even know about their roots. Is there anything more pathetic than a Mestizo beaner?
Is there anything more pathetic than a Mestizo beaner?A murican who thinks he can be white.
Not many know about their roots not even Americans.
How do I get a job if there are no jobs /pol/?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pIqO-LTvGyA
Ride the tiger. stay on benefits.
It’s funny, I am also looking right now. I am not only looking in Germany but elsewhere too.Sometimes these job offerings say how many people applied. In Germany you often see job offerings with only  or  applications even after  weeks or often . Look outside of Germany, for instance London, and you see  applications or  etc.I wonder if Germany ain’t such a shithole after all. Already got  job interviews lined up after  days of job hunting and  serious applications.
Get your lazy us off and find any job. If you dont mind wiping asses, there is ton of work available in care homes.
you're too lazy... I have college degree and was working as cashier and taxi driver (minimum salary) for five years...
I'm a hiring manager in Tokyo. I get the same rate of applications because full time jobs that pay okay for young people are really rare.I don't have time to read a + cvs. I take all the resumes, shuffle them, and trash % of them. I don't hire unlucky people.
I take all the resumes, shuffle them, and trash % of them.How come you get  applications? Japan has a low unemployment rate, so why aren’t you hunting new employees instead of vice versa.
I think it might be because a lot of people work at / or family mart and the like part time so they don't count as unemployed but they're still looking for actual jobs
That's a bit of a misnomer. We have a high rate of employment, yes, but most of these jobs are undesirable. "Make work", or dead end. We have many, many small businesses that while nice, doesn't get you anywhere.https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Haken_(employment)A majority of young people are spend a whole year doing this, or if they're wealthy enough, interviewing with various companies for about four months to one year.tl;dr job hunting is soul crushing in Japan
make k a yearfeel guilty that I'm not making k a year like moshe says people should make on TVlook for other jobs now and thennothing but jobs that make LESS money than me and always slammed with + applications
better you than the bankers. stay on benefits for as long as you can.
If the economy is functioning normally even with % unemployment, really makes you think what the point is for the rest of us.
Becoming natsoc country
Btw I think natsoc country should not be oppresive or a police state.
It's not exactly functioning "normally", but "within acceptable limits". You have to understand that these devils unironically believe in the concept of infinite profit growth. Even a child understands that blindly pursuing infinite anything is a fool's errand. If they can somehow lower the standard of living to a bare pittance and get the bulk of the population cowed into subservience through creature comforts + social media to prevent them from rising up and killing the top of the pyramid, they will gladly churn out free gibs while balancing tiny small percentage gains vs the rate of inflation.
Try working on chan, legend says they pay very well.
Become a tranny and live off NEETbux.
I’ve moved just outside London to be with my partner during Lockdown and have been applying for work continuously everyday for about  months , I never get any responses although my CV isn’t great , it’s definitely not bad. One year bar working experience , one year warehouse and one year office work - I don’t think this is that bad for a  year old who’s just looking for any job. Is any other bongs struggling?
I'm an engineer and I switched jobs during lockdown for banter. Not sure what the issue is, just don't get a meme job like hospitality or be an office cuck
I work at Tescos and our store was actually short staffed. This in Norfolk though.
Dude if I was able without a degree (eternal student) to get a job at the consulting branch front office of big  tax and audit firms through advanced mastery of getting my foot in the door you're lazy if you can't find one. For % of posted jobs there are skills to be learnt on coursera or EDX at the drop of the hat
This filthy plumber is right. Sending your CV out pointlessly isn't doing anything. Go to where you want to work, introduce yourself, make calls, be annoying. Right now you're a name buried in a stack (if you're lucky), or a computer system rejected you because you didn't use the super important keyword of the week.If you're annoying and they don't hire you, it doesn't matter. They weren't going to hire you anyway.
Why would you want a shitty minimum wage job when you can stay at home, study to become a specialist in an IT or engineering field, and be paid for it?It blows my mind.
Same here OP I'm even looking at shit that's a hour away
How do I get a job if there are no jobs /pol/?MORE MIGRANTS!COMMENCE THE ENRICHMENT!
wipe my ass, millennial, yeah how that taste snowflake? eat it like the avocado toast you love so much. no safe spaces here you lazy entitled crybaby!Millennial and zoomer nursing home workers should make sure to have plenty of "accidents" causing boomers to choke to death slowly and have other agonizing deaths.
partnerWho? Your business partner?
My girlfriend of  years
Our countries wouldn't NEED to bring in immigrants if people like you didn't think most jobs are beneath you and expect $+ an hour.
I worked for a while with receiving applications at an organization that recruited lots of people for lots of different jobs, mostly in Sweden but also for international positions all over Europe.I would estimate that an overwhelming majority of applications were absolute bogus. I wasn't the one doing the hiring, but even to me it was completely obvious that they weren't genuine applications. People would apply to jurist positions without having gone to law school, administration positions without any of the prerequisites, they would apply for translator positions while speaking one language. Their personal letters, were also fake. They clearly had just one letter that they used for all jobs they applied to, containing no information about the specific job they were applying to. They were filled with stuff like "I think I would be a perfect fit for this position" and "I believe my experience would be valuable for this job", without mentioning any specifics about the job or what their "relevant experience" was.
Don't work, just live stream and read comments out loud. Get people to buy you a house while you lie in bed all day.
be meslacker but smartbarely pass high-schooldrop out of collegeparty everydayworkout everydayfuck as much as possiblelate 's nowin best physical shape of my lifeno job bcuz muh ronaunemployment pays more than actual jobhave over  months of rent saved up still have thousands in unpaid benefitsYou ngl it feels lit afAlso found a side job where I can make  a month in un taxed income. Try that out, lots of business owners are struggling too and most people say fuck the gov at this point.
although my CV isn’t great , it’s definitely not badOne year bar working experience , one year warehouse and one year office workHow do you figure this is a "definitely not bad" CV? Is this some kind of a joke? What kind of job do you picture someone giving you? Where are your marketable skills?
One thing will happen in the end if unemployment stays % or higher. Death. No work means no food means no care for your neighbor's life.
Go NEET and you will never have to do without again.CoronaChan has been fun
$+ an hour.$/h isn't enough to live as a white man. Bringing immigrants in, disturb the markets laws and violate the social contract.
I’m not looking for high end jobs mate , I’m applying for absolute scum work and low tier work , every cunt on this board pretends they’re something there not acting like they’re either living comfortably off neet bux or earning thousands every month
old and stale joke. kys larper
I don't hire unlucky peoplebased
I read the joke about a decade ago and incorporated it into my hiring technique. It is what it is.
well you shouldnt be a mong then so you could get a proper job. the problem is everyone wants to be a lazy useless cunt with no skills then theyre surprised when theres no lazy useless cunt jobs because all the lazy useless cunts have taken them
Can’t get a proper job without experience in field , can’t get experience in field without money to pay for gaining experience in field - ok anon
What if American or you live in another non-communist country?
I think you've fallen into the same trap as many other young people. They believe that the jobs available are the ones they see every day. That's why they try to get a job in a bar or as a receptionist.You're also making the mistake of excluding yourself from jobs by not looking for "high end jobs". I'm not saying you should apply for jobs as CEO, but there are surprisingly many companies who just want people who can get stuff done. You don't need to be a genius, just have some edge in areas where companies can save a lot of money by hiring you. Don't write "experience with microsoft office" (everyone does that) on your CV, write "Proficient at excel macros and .net-scripting". This is just an example, it's not difficult to develop sought-after skills that will be a game-changer when you apply for entry-level office jobs.
get an apprenticeship then you thick idle bastard
Lazy useless cunt years oldYou're genuinely a fucking retard.
be a twitch whore
Get an apprenticeshipJesus fucking Christ, talking to these retards is like talking to niggers about racism. There's a fucking concept of scarcity. Look it up. Then slit your fucking wrists.
Your best shot is unironically to go for the military, if at all possible. The medical is tough, but the rest is easily achievable with dedication.
No one speaks Swedish
“The municipality of Östersund, which runs the accommodation, blames high sickness absence during the current pandemic.”Eventually, the husband phoned a different department at the facility and was informed his wife was in the care of non-Swedish speaking replacement employees due to staffing shortages."This is not how it should go. It is not acceptable," the husband told local media.A municipality official admitted that while foreign nursing home workers are expected to be fluent in Swedish, many are not.During a recent interview, Professor Johan Giesecke, top epidemiologist and advisor to the Swedish government, revealed that “many of the people working in nursing homes are from other countries. They're refugees or asylum seekers.”
She couldn't have mimed eating something?How long did she not eat for?  day? I doubt it's a systemic issue when the one of the core duties of such a worker would be to give them food every day.
As if the refugee workers would give a shit?
what is a married person doing in a nursing home
very good, the suicide is almost completejust a bit more, you can do it svencucks!!!
I say, maybe those elderly end up on the table?
If you cannot speak Swedish, you have no business working in Sweden, especially if your job involves talking to people. You should not even have been given an interview. You should have been given application forms written exclusively in Swedish, and if you could not understand them, you would be shit out of luck.
Asking the real questions, i too would like to onow.
If she's elderly then her husband is almost certainly elderly aswell and he may not have the ability or means to properly care for his wife. Its just a fact of life, families in the world today are rarely able to sustain themselves and care for their elders at the same time.
Toll paid
Accelerate
languages people are most likely to use duolingo to learn
Based as fuck. Fuck swedes.
kick out children out of the housekids put you into nursing home filled with foreignerswhy do protties do this
They were probably doing it on purpose. Invaders are rarely fond of the subjugated populations.
Swedes are snow Germans.
The boomer wanted that, and she got it
that picholy shit man, we are on a rocketship headed straight down into the dark ages
kill all refugees, especially the children
Duolingo always says swedish is the most popular language being learned in Sweden
Foreigners don't try to understand people.
Snow Somalis*
the "dark ages" were way better than this hell on earth
Bulgars are Turks in denial.
top ten searched phrases:give me your walletshow pussyspread widershut uplick it...
unironically this
Who cares? These Wh*tes never faced any real oppression. They can go a few days without food.
What's that linked page, fantasy stories of Swedish naziweeaboos?
/pol/ humor thread.

I TOOK A SHIT ON THE FLOOR TODAY
what the fuckthat picture made me laugh
/b/
It always makes me laugh. Maybe i'm a little autistic. Or maybe its my injun blood showing
and you had to post that pic because?!?

it also makes me laugh every time i see it.nice get btw.
A swede walked with a finn.The swede asked from the finn that all finnish men are so based and cool.The finn said, because we won all the swedish wars, kicked russians ass so many times and after all that we let our women think they are superior. The swede went back home, kicked arabs, somalies and russians and he died.

I did that to my dick a couple days ago. Then I remembered why I still wear boxers in the summer
top kek


frank and beans!

GLORMP

/pol/ humoron /b/Are you slow fren? :/
GLERMP
/

Wait until they figure out it rolls better on paved roads.
nigger
Jesus that pusst must have been lOOse
my region :)
I like how he trained so hard he got taller
saying the truth? good!here's your honorary titles retired.
]:?(l)GRUG SAY FUCK OFF
lol, wtf.
The light being off in the last panel is a nice touch
this isn't /b/
not doing height hangs in Ishiggydiggy
Kek. How does he keep getting away with it?
Yeah so we made tests and have proof that there are difference between their IQs.Gets labeled as racist. Fucking christ please nuke humanity. If they'd disprove his arguments I'd get that. But this is yet another thing that pisses me off about humanity.
wew lad
Its like if we built a society around christine chandlers sonichu
A goddamned legend.

 It took until TWO THOUSAND AND NINETEEN for Africa to apply the wheel to water transportation. Let that sink in.
x)
every damn time this gets me
Nigger
Someone pls explain
what the fuck
what the hell am I seeing?
Faggot
Not only this, but now the commie animals are charging visitors money to see his grave, because they couldnt figure out how to otherwise pay for its upkeepahahahahaHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHAHHHA!
didn't learn stop, drop, and roll
That was a good one
what is this
based kanye
Based ai.
reddit bumpersticker on the bottom leftSubtle placement.

its not even a wheel barrow, retard

It’s always fucking Fritz, never any other cunt Just this one cucked German.


 Mutts are completely fine with this and worship these people
Fucking soulless devils.


Niggerfaggot
every army has gay vibes tho
that guys pathetically out of shape. I would have bounded up those stairs and vaulted over the railing at the top, and im 
kek

Jokes on you I will never have a wife
I'm always astounded by how, after the first few seconds of being on fire, people seem to calm down a lot. I wonder if it stops being painful once all the nerves have burned. If so, maybe it's not so bad to actually DIE of fire, just to be badly burned and survive.
every, single, day
https://youtu.be/si-kQUXCZyw dislikes on this video get

nothing more could be expected from modern Germ** army desu.
 I studied the blade
nice digits, also what the actual fug reeeeeer
What a day this was.

mislabels
A wheel is not a wheelbarrow. I agree with you. I did not make that claim. You are a homosexual.These are all facts.
We got too cocky mammalbros
Is this the famed  slaps of the SoiJutsu?
LMAO you are racists and you make me fail with your "pol humor" threads.Face it, most negroes will be infinitely more successful than sad virgins. History is wrong, get over it hosers.
you may not like it but this is what peak performance looks like.
The point is that its a stupid invention, because wheelbarrows exist. You are a dumbass. These are facts.
Holy based
thank you based bros, ~ to go.
i thought it was pretty intimidating. what can you do when an autistic screecher attacks you? you can't very well hurt the retard. that would be wrong.

oops wrong thread
Hear hear, /KLLs!  kills for each of us will even up the numbers handily. Good hunting.
nigger
You know he raped that baby right after this.
Link thread looks interesting
 Hurrr durrr blblbl every women gets verbally harassed at least once in her lifeIs there literally anyone who didn't get verbally harassed at least once in their life? What kind of hyper-sheltered faggot do you have to be? The only difference between men and women is that almost every man has gotten into a physical fight at least once in his life, while for most women that isn't true.
Why does the right allow Big Tech to dominate them?
SubtitleBut the Free Speech argument IS a moral argument, what the fuck am I reading.
they're too invested in capitalist narratives about private business to advocate regulating the shit out of silicon valley
LA is a shithole and even Joe Rogan is moving out of there
He's gonna help turn Texas blue
muh constitutional right to free speechGoes to show that the people crying about the "federal police" are the same people who are alright with this.
Because the only part of the "right" that has political power is business interests who want lower taxes, lower wages, and reduced government regulation. Big tech actually agrees with them on those points, so they see no reason to oppose big tech.
Wired. I used to have a subscription to their mag. After Trump was elected, it went total leftist shitrag. I kid you not, I don't even bother reading it any more, even though I still get the mags. I look at the cover, and it's some Muslim, some halfbreed mutt, etc, and I just toss it in the recycle bin.
https://www.whitehouse.gov/presidential-actions/executive-order-preventing-online-censorship/
Because Big Tech is inherently authoritarian. Even Palantir is literally producing the means for massive state surveillance in the West despite being founded by one of the most redpilled Catholic homosexuals in existence.
aus/pol/ Fuck Labor edition
Whats for dinner, /pol/?
Vore is the Australian man's fetish
i feel like chicken tonight
inb labor salt ie pic related
Alex Jones is Bill Hic
Are brothels open yet?
Leigh sales gets what she deservesshe is a mouth piece for those who wish to subvert usshe does not deserve the job she has
Pad see ew with duck from a local thai joint I've never tried before. Food was good but they skimped on the duck should've gone the regular mob you get way more duck
How do we defund the ABC
does the Coon cheese company have a parent company with stocks on the exchange? if they do i'd sell hard lmao, imagine purposefully undermining a popular, high selling brand because of american politics. they're about to lose untold millions from lack of purchases and a massive PR campaign, package design, etc...all because of american politics they could freely ignore...i'm not jewish and even i'm crying at the blatant disregard for money.
large chicken n cheese meal from maccas
duck
not "legally". but yeah
Hope it wasnt Thai Rock m
At gunpoint hopefully.
Misso got us Thai takeaway. She has her girlfriends friends over for drinks, so I’m free to shitpost on /Pol and play vidya
A noble goalStart highlighting their waste and lack of objectivity despite being tax funded
Anyone done a coding bootcamp?
You say Labor is for tranny children yet it was Liberal councils that were organising and financing drag queen story hour for children in Brisbane libraries just last year. It's one thing to virtue signal about homosexuality on social media, it's quite different to actually crossdress in front of children and put dildos in their hands.
nah some local joint not a franchise or whatever
where should i put my vote o wise man of the internet
It isn't about money. Its about hoping to appease the mob. Dumb fucks that they are they don't seem to realise the mob are commies who don't believe in private property. They can't be negotiated with or appeased as they are true believers.
fuck yeah thai food bros
Did you hear Palmer's going to jail for  years for illegally financing his own political campaign with $ million via defraudment?
We dont need to defund it, but limit it to wholesome local content, news (not current affairs/opinion), regional local news and local children’s content.
The Jews are behind drag queen story hour. The organisation in the US that was pushing with it is full of jewish activists. Political parties are just a symptom of jewish influence.
Under who, the leftist subverter malcom turnbull?Yeah ok cunt I can acknowledge thats fucked, can you acknowledge labor is the party of BLM, open borders ideology, far left identity politics, overt LGBT agenda? No you cant because you want to spin it as the only choice lmao you dumb faggot labor staffer get rekt this isnt reddit and you're a leftist shill
Did you get some of those grouse mozzarella sticks on the side?
Anywhere but labor and its supporting parties, hows that for a start faggot?
Lamb Shank poached eggsScotch Whiskey
Some leftover burritos from last night
No been coding since I was .
speak truth o wise internet sage i need an exact location as best to appease you
gb reddit homo
That is possibly the most based dinner I’ve ever heard of.Lamb shanks slow cooked?
take a frozen dinner to the worksite (contractor)tfw their staff room doesnt have a microwaveLooks like its going to be a bag of chips for noe
It's full of jews gooks and abos, that just won't cut it. They did the same thing to Pauline Hanson in the s. Clive is a good person, they can't deal with it.
Just write "Fuck Niggers" on the ballot. It counts just as much.
Pork steak, gravy, mash and peas
I've got my first "lesson" on Monday actually, still not sure about a bootcamp but my mate is going to tutor me almost full time. So whatever he recommend (+ years of coding, he's on k so...presumably good). I am completely new to it, never written a line of code. What are you thinking?
Oy vey! send your kids to us so we can sexualize childhood stories! You're not a transphobic, homophobic, CIS gendered racist are you?
what is a reddit? where do i find them on the ballot nah thats a real bad idea if you didn't know it gives your vote the whatever party is in power.One nation. SFF party or libdems or what ever the wise internet sage suggests
Is there a future in coal lads? I need to change my job, am I thinking about going underground. Is there a future in coal? Or will I get done dirt cheap like the coal miners in England and like my uncle's in the 's? The modern Australian job market is fucked, all I want is a shithouse manufacturing job that will pay enough to scrape by with  kids and a shit fibro house. It appears that is too big of an ask. Relatives before me had bitter fights and feuds with employers for basic pay and conditions, my grandad was on strike for  fucking weeks and got to the point where he had to split a single lamb chop  ways with his family since he ran out of money and food in the house, all over safety conditions so other people's families wouldn't have the blight of having their breadwinners killed or seriously injured. Working class Australians are the fucking toughest cunts in the world, how the fuck have we gotten to the point where we are at today? Where is the fight and fire in the stomach? We are laying down and letting rotten cunts stamp all over us
After  years and  kids, wife has recently started giving blowjobs and even swallowing for the first time. Don’t need a brothel any more.
If voting changed anything it would be illegal.
i wonder where she learned her new tricks
sounds like she's been exploring her sexuality with other men and is trying to make it up to you anon.
i just farted
Just making smalltalk m I have never actually been to a brothel
You in QLD? Most all coal mines there are open pit, so nothing underground. I think iron and copper have a much better future. But that will be out WA and SA.
You should try it.
Im indirectly employed in the coal industry and i fuckin hate it. Id imagine being an operator would be alright though
Obligatory slampig to trigger genuine homosexuals
Hi Jason
Is your wife's name Sam?
After  years and  kids, wife has recently started giving blowjobs and even swallowing for the first timewhat made her do that? maybe she developed a taste for cum from the milkman while you were wagecucking
Outraged! I fucking go to my local woollies and there are hundreds of products racily vilifying me
Daily reminder
After  yearsstarted giving blowjobsAm I a retard or is that a red flag
crackersThe future will look back at this kind of racism and cry
Saved. Make the closure permanent.
checked
Sex is only meant to be in the missionary position for procreation m
when will work for dole return?
Why are Anglos so weak in comparison to the Chinese?The Chinese exterminated enemy without blink of an eye while Anglos argue about something called "rights". Enemy doesn't have any "rights", they should be turned into fertiliser.
lurk more newfag
yes the fact Anglos are actual humans is a weakness
Post examples of swedish diversity in media
hahaha you lurk more newfag
Not any legal ones but pretty much every whore on Scarlett Blue has dropped their prices, with hotels fucked you better clean up your cum socks they can only really come to your house.
You seem to have missed the doubles on the sex hole m
Imagine the fucking smell
based edit
Nah, underground longwalls around my neck of the woods, the other mining doesn't seem to be a positive kind of place to be, so many broken homes, regional work, drug and alcohol problems Yeah, wouldn't mind being on a long wall, I'm pretty tall so it might be a bit of a bitch to work at, I would prefer it than being in a workshop on site as a fitter with cunt managers
Who was it that motioned and eventually legalised gay marriage in Australia? Who was it that's been in control of government  of the past  years and has brought in millions of nonwhites? Who is responsible for three quarters of all government debt? Who was it that abolished the WAP, took the guns, oh we could make the list endless. There is no difference between Labour and Liberals socially, and most of Labor's wet dreams were realised by the Libs. The only real difference is economics.
A safer bet would be working in qld since they tend to export mostly coking coal. Just about every institution is divesting from thermal coal and alot of countries that we sell it too are quickly transitioning to nuclear / renewables
Whos a pretty little birdy?
Pretty sure it was turnbull mYou keep pretending that I am shilling liberals because you're asspained that I am attacking laborBecause you are a labor shill and the only way you can cope is pretending they are both equally bad but lets just vote labor anyway because the only difference is economicsLmao you fucking loserGbreddit you fucking queer
Two pieces of marinated chicken with two poached eggs on top.
High quality coking coal around my area, still didn't help in the 's when all the mine closures happened. Just don't want to get done dirt cheap
Is that a blue faced Wren? One thing Australia has is cool animals.
Fuck me I wish this COVID bullshit would fuck off so I can go the UK and join the Royal Marins before Im too old.I wish I was in the US and a member of the DOJ getting paid to push ANTIFA shit in.
LOL superior trolling. At least I hope so for your sake.
jeez that cunt had enough didn't he
All I'm saying is one is open about their intentions and the other camouflages them, but at the end of the day they both walk the same path, as evidenced by how they govern and the laws they pass. No one is more guilty of this than Pauline Hanson as when it comes to passing laws she sides with Liberals %+ the time, only kicking a fuss up about unions, and blurting out racist remarks close to elections to sure up her voterbase, despite never actually having a racist conviction.Left / right is largely a false dichotomy.
kek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxQNDbleUSad reacts only guys.
What do I do cenno anons?

It's too late, covid has written off the next  years
barrel roll
Dude is gona over once the election is over. You watch, as soon as biden wins COVID will magically disappear. Screen cap this.
piss, now. on the red wine
Zack Newton, an electoral officer on Senator Anning’s staff, was reported by the ABC as saying in early April  that it was “Amusing to think I went from shitposting at home and now I'm shitposting in parliament, but here I am lmao,”[]
You seem to be quite asspained about pauline hanson and the liberals to not be a labor sympathiser attempting to pull a sneaky one and push labor votes. Labor is incompatible with /pol/, there is no way around that. They are the party of leftist politics, anti white identity politics, LGBT trannies, open borders ideologyThere is no way around itTrying to cry about welfare does nothing but dig that hole further

argueing with women via text messageBro you've already entered her frame. Don't battle them on their battlefield
t. genuine homosexual
Based
What ever happened to anning's party?
you're not a resident? that's the only thing I can think of, my JSP APM has no power to suspend
Thats fake a shit btw. Their txts are automated and they wouldnt engage you like that. Also youre an idiot for thinking theyde give you free money for nothing. How hard is it to apply for  random jobs a month and go visit your job provider. Worse case you get a job interview, turn up late and say you dont want to job. The deal is apply for  jobs and go to interviws. It doesnt say you hav to apply for jobs you might actually get and then have to do undertake or that you need to then take those jobs seriously.
blue faced WrenYep, think they call them a superb fairy wren
Just text back that you a sudanese who stole this phone and you will rape her.
I think its  jobs a fortnight, so  jobs a month
it's  jobs a month and you don't even have to do that just accept suitable work
Sky NewsIF YOU VOTE LABOUR, YOU WILL DIEWouldn’t you rather be slaves to the Chinks?BASED TRANNY
pretty sure sky news has non stop segments against china m
suitable workIts all so shit though, if you hate it is that considered unsuitable? I fucking hate my job and would rather be a turbo neet
Fuck, anon, she looks like someone hit her in the cunt with a axe.
It was jobs a month when I was on it last year. Can you seriously not get on seek.com and apply for  random jobs? It would take  minutes.
But so are Liberals which means they're a non-pol party either which by extension includes Hanson (did you know she runs Islamic candidates?) and the Nationals. Even Katter kicked Anning as their senator because of his anti-Chinese migration rhetoric, forcing him to form his own party.As it stands in terms of white identitarianism, there are no mainstream parties which endorse this view.
that name
just hurt yourself on the first day and claim work cover
Shes got a pretty tasty looking vag m sorry you are mentally ill though
the noble Chinese are enslaved by the communist partywe must bring in double our population's worth of Chinks to own les libérales
Last time i was on it i think it was about  a month. I dont need to do that since i already am a wagie
Didn't secure enough votes so he lost his independent seat and job.
I used to apply for doctor jobs and high and executive jobs or trades I wasnt qualified for. They didnt care. What were they gona do, say Im too dumb to pursue work? I'de sue them.
Are you cunts preparing?
https://guides.dss.gov.au/guide-social-security-law////find a reason in here
Control of the black market
The (((Lowy Institute))) He should be executed for  but he is still out here raping Australian kids with his pedophile friends.
My only position ITT is dont vote labor or its supporting parties. If you actually have a problem with that, you're a labor shill. You can spin it as much as you want, its clear.
Coon is more "tasty" than that thing.
suck my dick or I know you’re sucking his
Thats the opinion of a genuine homosexual though, its like asking a muslim what their favourite cut of pork is
I will unironically never buy Coon cheese again for caving in to the woke mob.
pure homosexual projection/lgbt/
Furiously basedI sorta did that, i was somewhat qualified for the ones i used to "apply" for buy didnt have the + years exp they were asking
No one but lefty poofs willSo they can move to melbourne and sell exclusively there
you can apply for any  jobsim making a new resume as we speakalso it doesnt state anywhere you need to go to the jobseeker offices, theyre outta bounds now due to wave you can attend phone interviews and make updates if neededfuck it bois neet life ever
Checked. Get woke go broke
There is a huge difference between a cut of pork and that thing. I bet it's like throwing a sausage up a hallway.

checked and keked
Checked again. Digits train
Preparing for the race war?
Not surprising you have sausage on the mind hey poof
Why are labor such faggots?
Was nice while it lasted. Beers all round
Oh, and imagine the smell.....
HOLY SHIT I KNOW THAT GUY. Is/was he in the Navy?
Probably something to do with being gay
Because theyre all trannies
she is a degenerate whore and despite how she looks only beta orbiters would want anything to do with her.OH MA GOD WHAT STRONK WOMEN CAN I SUCK YOUR TAMPONS OUT OF THAT STINKY CUNT HOLEyou are worse than a faggot
Lol no idea
lmao imagine getting this triggered over someone enjoying an image of a plump pussygo dilate
Greetings (a)gentsGiven that we all radiate either ionising radiation or the fumes of white phosphorus on a cold Winter’s night, whilst being members of aethiope race, I beg the question:How would we ship Fs chambered for . mm and Mark  sidearms to Kowloon in a suitcase, ammunition included, without detection?Much appreciated
where do I sign up for this?
of course im triggeredyou should be toowe need to encourage traditional values in women not degenerate whorish behavior but you drooling incels cannot restrain yourself when a dirty hole no one should encourage presents itself.

Or any other luggage, with emphasis on metal detection
Do you just walk around taking pics of random cunts? WTF is ong with you?No ideaClearly you do because he posed for the photo meaning you know him or he is you.
They'll magically have the cure the whole time and threaten not to give it when Trump wins again.
Whores will always be whores
Can't you just buy one when you get there? They probably make a decent knockoff at a bargain price.

The Department of Justice? Gotta be a US citizen, have a top secret clearance, uni degree and join one of the Federal LEA's within the DOJ like the FBI, US Marshals, ATF, DEA. The DHS also has others like the Border patrol, customs, ICE.
Probably just a fag thinking he was going to pick up, especially if he is in the navy.
when you BRAPPP so hard it blows a hole in your jeans
I worked in Brisbane for  years.sold up.moved to tas.now an unemployed bum.Meis Happy.Enjoy your debt hells.
Take your meds lad
someone at work only works on the weekends as a casualtfw get double time and dont have to deal with anyone from admin for  daysSounds pretty comfy
It's a sad feeling knowing you're one of the very few Anglo-Celtic people in Australia
Calm down, son. I recorded the entire walk and these are screen grabs from the footage lol
Today
tfw we used to have thousands of unmarked mm MkII Sten-guns precisely for distributing to 'unattributable' purposes.fold down into a tiny bundle or can be split up for cachingno serial numbers, no proofmarks, could have come from anywhere even handmade in KhyberPass, totally deniableAny bets JohnshitcuntHoward put them in the smelter to boost the numbers up?
RED ALERT!!!!
It sounded like artillery
Neat you live in a nigger shitholeMove away
imagine living in oakland
That's my fart
That was just me taking my morning shit. Oakland just flew over my house.
He might be one.
Maryland?
OaklandProbably best to let that place blow up.
Good.
there are people in Oakland who post on /pol/
pic OP as the FEDs blows up his neighborhood
Maybe the future isn't going to be all bad.
what?
Trending for all the wrong reasons, I'm afraid.(((They))) thought goys how to see things from (((their))) perspective, now the goys are going back to the source. Like in that old movie 'The Stuff'
holy shit, that dude is fucking based lol
Ban twitter posts
Jews

BUMP
what's wrong with being trendy?
lmao based
I think that the days of the great kikery are numbered. Notice how the recent anti-jew happenings are directly related to the crumbling of USA?
Maybe the jew who runs BLM will reconsider his positionMaybe the jew who funds BLM will rethink his positionMaybe the jew antifa who support BLM will attack black people nowMaybe the dindus will be the Nazis this time.Welcome to 
i mean constitutionally, the average brit citizen has the rights to do as they please with any jew in the land for the express purpose of removal, rather i think it's an obligation unless i've read it wrong;  never got written out of law and i don't think it can be. and constitutionally, any attempt by parliament to contradict said constitution can land them in the same boat. if they refuse to leave peacefully.
When will these demonic pieces of shit straight from the depth of hell lose their grip on humanity? They really are asking to be exterminated aren't they?
Great point polebro.The JewSA's primary function is to maintain the system of Jew hegemony. The most important thing that Jewish power does is stop people from talking about Jewish power.Niggers are breaking away first. Like it or not, niggers are trendsetters. I'd go long on antisemitism being a s trend.
there is no other way to rationalize any of their behaviour. but just to be clear; jews have been begging to be exterminated into extiction with every action they've made in the past  years at least.
They can't help themselves. Their entire identity is based around the rejection of Christ. They hate the universe and they hate truth.They are condemned unless they repent.
Tend your garden, raise a family and live a good life.
He's already been cancelled by the way.
implying you can cancel black peopleget ready to get gassed to the sound of "BLACK LIVES MATTER!"
Seriously, why would anyone join the military?
probably family reasons, wanting to kill people legally, or wanting that pension
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life overHow many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?
im planning on joining this year, so I can do private contracting. my friend does and hes making bank, like $ a day when hes deployed.
Combat roles are competitive as fuck. Right now is a great time to join.
Join the military so that you can end up homeless and living illegally in a garage five years later while your govt fills the country with those you spent your time trying to kill.
doesn't see any proslists a couple pros
Honor.A thing OP knows nothing about because he is a communist faggot.
Thank me for my service
How many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?Can't imagine there's too many nowadays.
dying for israelhonorPick one.
Some of us really need to kill people
When you love and believe in your country and want to defend it from the evil that looks to destroy it
Already in fighting shape. By the time he catches the next IED he will finally be ready to serve the machine spirit indefinitely, along with Israel.
If you're getting blown up or having PTSD you're probably a dumbass and not going anywhere in life anyway. In this case, you're better off taking the risk to obtain the pros you listed. Otherwise score a + on your ASVAB(not difficult) and join the AF or Coast Guard. It'd probably do you good since you sound like a total pussy
inb "money for school" or "free healthcare for life." our veterans litetally get none of those things unless they go to uni, which means they sign a longer contract, in fact our veterans get fuck all after they leave, and the government is wondering why so many kill themselves. I don't even wear my medals any more or mention that I deployed to anyone.you do get to do some fun things in the military, it opens you to hobbies you never would've looked at, and meet people you form strong bonds with over shared experiences. You will never connect with a civilian as much as the people you're in the military with, plus it can put your head on right quicker than if you try to figure shit out on tour own.
I have autism. The rules and order are amazing.
GI bill. Serve for a couple of years then go to Japan to learn Japanese and the government will pay for your college, housing, and food.
Not everyone in the military is B infantry... many do jobs that don’t get them close to combat. Literal retards are who they stick in B. If you are smart, and don’t volunteer for b.. you will get some other job.
During peacetime its decent b/c of the compensation and relatively low risk.During wartime it's more for existential reasons. If nobody fights the country dies. Its out of a moral sense of duty to protect ones integrity.If China declared war on the US with the idea of annexing it, would you be okay with becoming Chinese or at that point would you rather die fighting?
Two shitty pros along with two extreme cons.
In many cases its misdirected energy. Like I get that young men need to prove themselves and chase something, its natural. But voluntarily running the establishments/Israels errands is wrong (unless you truly are defending your country, which the US is not).Other times its lack of choice. Can't blame someone for wanting to eat, but imo you are obliged to get out as soon as you can.
It's really mostly about the benefits, that's literally the only reason why people join. They do it to escape homelessness/starvation or because of no opportunities to make money.
literal retard scored so high on ASVAB only a handful of jobs weren't availablejoined Infantry because my love for the God of WarNo regrets.
When you join the Army you get to choose your M.O.S which essentially means if you're not trying to see combat you can decide to be a pencil pusher or mechanic or something. And for the first few months when you're in training you essentially get paid to learn skills that would cost k to learn anywhere else. Put up with basic training to be an accountant on some military base in an ally nation like japan for free college, healthcare for life etc. I used to be very anti military but now as job and education prospects are all but evaporated for white males, the military is one of the last havens for white people to make an unpozzed living
buys a shitload of gear for "the boogaloo"has an entire armory of gunstalks about killing communists in the streetsmocks anyone who bothers to try and get any kind of experience in the military for these thingsGod i hate normalfaggots
This. Really enjoyed how structured and planned everything was.
When you are farmer picking up your gun to defend your country against invaders. Sure. Like the finns did.The offensive wars that the US/Israel fight in pursuit of political objectives/resources is a different story. No honor in being a mercenary. I mean its a job but has nothing to do with that flagwaving freedom bullshit you see on Netflix.
If China declares war on us it would be because of idiotic policy or actions by the president. I'm not gonna die because some dumb asses voted in an imbecile who antagonizes the world into attacked the united states.
benefitsget to actually shoot and take apart a Full auto M or Mfree flight trainingtfw I kind of want an adventure and war buddiesI ain't joining till I finish college
join the AF or Coast Guard
It depends on your job. You can easily get a job where you never see a battlefield, if you're smarter.
What else is there to do?
to have access to material and able bodies for a Putsch?
the true purpose to joining the military is to get gibs and gaining cognitive dissonance knowing that you overthrew govts of the first christian nations on earth for wahabi puppet govts.
PTSD isn't that bad. I got do a lot of cool shit and see a lot of action. It was like being in a movie.
lol why do burgers put retarded people in the military. Meat shield?
CHIVALRYTHE WARRIOR CODE. Is the notion of these traits really gone? THAT IS THE REASON WHY YOU DUMBFUCKS. It's a mentality that many simply do not possess.It is a code of honor, bravery, integrity, kindness and a sense of duty.
Get paid to blow up brown people and fuck brown hookersGet a free education out of it while Libcucks are going into debt to get theirs.Get a bunch of benefits when you leave and get a pension. Sounds pretty based. My mothers side of the family are mostly military men and they have done pretty well.
go to Japan to learn JapaneseOh wow...sign me up. How else would I ever be able to learn to speak Japanese...
Educate yourself. And no that does not mean being a soft nerd, if you are scared that your manlihood will be challenged.
Jew rats serve  years boot military in Israel then serve Mossad until  years old in a host countries, where they was born. like in cocos-nest. its like X bigger the CIA Jew rats have infiltrated public office mas media bookkeeping office turned in to Bank where they steel money with paper trade excuse purge Jews lie and usury, if you just could keep ti the truth by yourself no merchant ever fool you. Would you take advantage of some one who weaker then you ? That's why Jew rats work in the gang play both sides.
https://skribbl.io/?dBwOyuDJjyjoin
As a nationalist and a populist I really, really feel the need to become a soldier.But war is just a business for Schlomo so that immediately turns me off. Dying in an actual culture war, fighting for a national socialist country, well, that would be favorable to surviving a schlomo gets all the money war.
Remember all those people that died for their country?AHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAH!!
Dude our military is owned by international globohomo.
Free education, I don't have to go out and find a job, I might get shot. All pros to me
why would anyone join the military?There are still a lot of sexual confused people out there right now which have always been the types that sign up to be shouted at by other sexually confused people.
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over.that happens mainly to the infantry.Infantry is like % of the Army.If someone would join the Airforce/Navy these problems dont occur.One could also join the part of the Army that is in the rear.The military in western countries is only good for gibs and training and its the easiest way to get them.Even as a reservist its pretty comfy and relativly well paid.
I've heard that excuse before. You would literally make more money pumping gas, or even more going off to go work at a farm.
Just got out, talk about a cesspool of circle-jerking and degeneracy.Minorities normally favor other minorties for evals, women sleep with their supervisors to get better evals and avoid doing legitimate work, trainings are catered towards 'acceptance' and 'diversity'.Unless you want years of experience in a job with a clearance of some sort, don't even bother.
The only con i see, is to support a degenerate society full of lefties back home.
it aint so bad tbhfamalam
Exactly. I don't see how one does not ask the pretty basic question of WHAT are we fighting for, before becoming a golem for establishment
How else would I ever be able to learn to speak Japanese...He doesn't want a several year long vacation to practically any country worth visiting and paid for by the government
In all legitimacy, I've been considering looking into joining the US Space Force. Although I don't know how much I could handle something like Boot Camp.
Learning how to kill people.
Better yet, they don't like people asking questions period. Which just makes people really have no desire to actually perform well when they don't know why they're doing it in the first place.The first thing my officer told me was "Hey look, I know you went to college and you're used to thinking.... well, I need you to not think cause that's my job now and I need you to do what I ask because that's what you're role is an enlisted. I don't want any arguments or anything"Real inspiring.
This niggas never been poor or had his back to a wall. Those are excuses and good enough cause I wouldn't of seen a college classroom otherwise. No work around here, no money to escape, no future. I disagree with the only way being out of shit like this being a fucking hired bullet sponge and apparently, a constitution ripper now too.
You should ask those questions to yourself before you enlist though. I get that a soldier has to do what he's told when he is there, otherwise the organisation doesn't work.
It's not the same joining as a simple soldier than studying to be an officer
yes. The military industrial complex wants warfare. yes. our leaders have led the military into stupid ass wars where men died for the joos.Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa. You should thank them and join the fight.t
work hours a day  days a week making minimum wage in some major city barely making ends meet , barely able to provide for familyvshave virtually everything paid for me , family free to live on base and children go to on base school, work  days a week(varies by mos/rate) stand a duty day once in a blue moon and party in respective cities I get stationed or ported in I mean just don't join the marines or army if you are so scared of dying via stereotypical means, they are called "mission essential" for a reason
military is obligatory for joining policepolice is ultimately privileged in your third world countryFor profit, of course.
Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa.I thought those were already inside the US though. Some of which run rampant on your streets, while encouraged by your ((media)).
Officer's don't know dick besides how his CO's cock is sucked. Better yet, they don't know the real job responsibilities of the enlisted. If some officer fresh out of the academy with literally minimal knowledge gives you a task that does not make sense cause 'Muh CO', it's completely reasonable to totally question wtf is going on.The organization fails if there's no understanding on what or why you're following orders or how your part fits the big picture.
Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa. Their doing a piss poor job then. All of which you named are already in the country and the military is doing nothing to stop it.
You would literally make more money pumping gasi doubt if you take health, pension and other benefits into the equation.The other point is that you dont have to work most of the time.
vacationHave you never been on a vacation?
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over. Translation:I am a pussyeven benefits can't overcome how much of a pussy I amPathetic.
You tell me what THE FUCK servicemen got out of Vietnam, Afghanistan, and Iraq. And I mean literally the person who signed up and then was discharged from their duties. What the hell did they come back with that could be labeled as being an improvement in their lives?Mind you, we lost all of those wars.
Yeah. You dont think people go on vacation to learn a language?
And I mean literally the person who signed up and then was discharged from their duties.Some never got a pension and became rambling PTSD homeless.
Depends what you do there, if you get useful skills then its a good thing, I dont think there is an active ground war going on where US grunts are involved in real gunfights
women sleep with their supervisors to get better evalsI mean that's to be expected I would presume. Women at that age (assuming they joined right after high school) are already insecure and vulnerable as fuck. They obviously don't have dads OR have daddy issues, so man, fucking your way up the ladder must be rampant in the military if you're a woman. I have always told friends and people that I've met throughout life to NEVER get with a chick that's been in the military. I mean think about it, would you let YOUR daughter join the military? What kind of loser piece of shit father would just deliver his daughter into what is essentially going to be a fuck/rape-fest hellhole for several years?
Also being a 'student' is one of the easiest ways to get a visa for more than couple of months
Defending our country and loved ones from a potential invasion.Peace keeping missions.
They believed they were serving their country with honour.It was misguided but their honour and patriotism is still commendable.
Having a job after you get out is one. If you can get one. I've met a lot of vets who have really shitty jobs or no job. I would do it but I have a medical condition that you wouldn't even know but it's on my permanent record and they will find it. It sucks cause it wouldn't impede my duties whatsoever but they just assume e everyone who has it can't function in society. I'm not a patriot anyway like I fucking hate America so maybe it's for the better. Would pick Europe any day and I've heard they ask you if you think America is the best country in the world and I would say no cause I've actually been outside of America and I'm not a libtard.
this
Oh well I can see why someone like you would join. Thanks for your service, I guess? Better that than prison I suppose.
The army is literally where the lowest dregs of society go in a last ditch effort to be anything respectable. Which is fine, but that American society is expected to bend over to kiss the shoes of someone who spent two years in uniform waiting around a German base is just silly.People who are drafted are respectable, though. I know if I was drafted I'd just ignore every order until I was kicked out.
kek
gibs
For a board so in love with Hitler it is a bit weird how everyone is anti-war apparently
Ignore the invasion of your home and die in a desert instead?
PTSDVirtually every Australian veteran I've met these last thirty years has some form of PTSD from the wars their government involved them in.
GibsWe talking gibs[gibsmedat] nigger money or gibs the little pieces of Iraqi meat that roll about after a nice explosion ?
Unless you're rockin task force orange or green then there is no reason and you's a little bitch.
I know you're British but I have faith you'll figure it out
That's pretty much the purpose of the American military. It gets all right wing fighting age males out of the country so the fucking Jews can destroy it from within. I figured this out in high school. "Look over here, not over here"
Easy moneyFree gymfree heathcaresubsidized housingAccess to firearms and explosiveslive out childhood fantasiesKill peopleParachuteFly expensive and fast aircraftFreed education in some circumstancesAlcoholism encouragedFind me another yo who owns their own car, has no debt and lives in a spacious furnished apartment on his own while paying only % rent. Because thats what an average Australian serviceman gets.
When the time comes you are gonna need military training. Vets are number one group who will be responsible if things actually change.Also you could get a pack of politically motivated bros. See recent elite forces in Germany.
Dying for Jews and doing Israel's dirty work is not honorable.
You can get paid the same doing comfy IT work... but you are either brown or a brainlet
The fact that people say this is good when in reality we should be creating jobs for people who don't worship the government so they can do all of those things listed. But the Jews can't have that now can they. It used to be everyone could afford their own shit at  now only people that work for the government can. Correct me it I'm wrong but that's no different the communism.
You get to kill people and break stuff,while being paid. Feels good, man.
retard gets to have a / wife but I am still alone Anons... please help
from the warsIts actually from being in the ADF. The ADF maks you lose your sanityALCOHOLISM IS WRONG! AND WILL NOT BE TOLERATED!Also ADFYou all have to attend this compulsory BBQ and piss upDATH SYMBOLS ARE BANNED! THEY ARE OFFENSIVEalso ADFLEFT PARY! ON GUARD! BUTT STROKE! SLASH GASH! IN OUT! ON GUARD!WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU LOST YOUR NVG! YOURE GOING TO HOLSWORTHY!Also ADFIf you lose something, TELL US!W treat you like adults so why do you guys fuck up?Also ADFWHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU GOT ON THE PISS ON A FRIDAY NIGHT AFTER YOU WERE KNOCKED OFF! ITS YOUR FAULT WE DIDNT TELL YOU ABOUT THE UNPLANNED RECALL AND DEPLOYMENT TO TULLY ON SATURDAY MORNING!
The military is having record low enlistment numbers despite the ever growing imported population.I guess no one wants to fight for israel and globalhomo anymore.
Youve got two choices dude. Go to uni, rack up debt, work a shitty boring job for  years, pay off a mortgage and climb up the ladder and not be expected to mayeb go to war and gt your legs blown off. ORJoin the military/police and be a civil servant. Get well deserved cushy benefits to motivate you to stay in and when youre not on duty live the high life but accept that one day you may get your nuts blown off. Its always been that way mate.
Not for boomers. And most office jobs are gone now or you have to be a math whiz to get them. I'm basically fucked because I can't do math very well but I'm not allowed in the government because of medical condition that has an extreme stigma attached to it even though you wouldn't even notice it. I was studying to be a lawyer but there are no legal jobs in America any more. No, it was not always like this and saying everyone who doesn't like it should join the government not only doesn't work but sounds very fucking communist to me. I don't see it any other way.
military is obligatory for joining policeNope. In fact when I worked as a policeman for the city of Los Angeles I spoke to a few people that had either worked or presently worked for and were a part of the hiring process for lapd. The main and principal things they looked for in a prospective applicant was: a good work history with positive references, a college degree(or good behavior in high school), a verifiable history of financial responsibility (no debt), and good family references.I brought up military since my brother was in the coast guard, and they told me (every single last one of them) that military and a job history of working security can actually hurt your chances of being hired. It was explained to me that at least now, in the present day, they want goody two-shoes that they can mold from the ground up. When I asked why being in the military could be a disqualifying factor, I was always met with the same response: "They're too aggressive." Oh yeah, and also being a police officer is a shit job by the way. Go ahead and accuse me of "larping," I get it all the time on here when I bring it up, but seriously I just don't understand how anyone could do that job for longer than a few years.
you dont have to work most of the time.You're literally working all of the time.
a good work history with positive references, a college degree(or good behavior in high school), a verifiable history of financial responsibility (no debt), and good family references.So no one whos ever served in a combat unit. WTF do they want a bunch of limp wristed soft cocks engaging violent drug dealers or some hard charging, trained ex soldier badasses?
Sure, I'm scared. I openly admit that. I don't want to go through anything that would leave me both physically and emotionally scarred for life. And neither would you, especially for scraps.
their honour and patriotism is still commendableYes of course, but WHY? Obviously if you get drafted and have no choice then that's a whole other conversation, but the question I'm asking is what is the initial motivation to join? There are WAY more efficient ways to "serve your country" assuming that's all you want to take away from it. For example, you could start charities, volunteer at a hospital, or/and adopt a child that's draining the system of money AND will likely age out of said system to become an even larger burden on society.Those are just some examples. I also recognize, obviously that if people didn't join the military willingly then there would be a draft going on constantly, so yes that's worth commending. I'm not arguing or questioning that. I'm wondering what the motive is for joining willingly in the first place is.
People who are drafted are respectable, thoughI wholeheartedly agree with that, and it's not the point of the thread I started. If you've been drafted then that's a whole other story. I'm asking what the incentive is to join in the first place is, assuming you're not being forced.
To get fitTo have purpose To get discipline
The only reason killing third worlders doesn't exite you is because you've never been around them.
. Effective, free, high quality combat training. Free food, housing, nothing but saving money the entire time if you're responsible and don't buy a charger. Lifelong benefits. Get to shoot at people and not get in trouble for it
You do realize there are many roles that don't involve walking around under the sun being shot at, right?You can learn a trade or learn skills that can be used to civilian or other government jobs outside of the military.Working in the private sector is unironically shithouse in the modern world. You can be fired for a huge number of reasons and you have to work like a dog for shit pay.
What was it like? Seeing as I live in the commonwealth I can easily join the royal marines. Maybe I should
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over% of military personnel will not see a single shot fired outside of the firing range in their entire service. Yes even american ones.
Thats a / with makeup on. You need to get laid senpai.
Because they are gelded animals, probably.
Because where the fuck else was I gonna get paid decent with bennies....eat like a fucking king....paid vacay...all to man a ma duece . cal on a river boat blasting poor ass  dollar a day mestizo soldiers so we could take over the cocaine trade by force?Plus gunnery school where i learned all about John Browning.....acp and . cal and b.a.r....ballistics...explosives...I mean shit bro...how the fuck could I not?It was the 's. It was either the navy or devry.
How many years required for pension?
WTF do they want a bunch of limp wristed soft cocks engaging violent drug dealersYup!That's why I quit. There's a term called "playing patty cake" that is common among policeman (at least where I worked) and that basically means deescalation without the use of force, and I mean COMPLETE lack of use of force, where basically the department expects you to "just talk" to someone who is wielding a knife at you. They literally want you to just talk them out of it. Obviously before body cams that policy would normally get thrown out the window, but now that the same policy includes mandatory body cams I can tell you that the job is basically impossible to perform safely. They expect officers to play patty cake with some lunatic off his meds running around with a knife? No, I don't think so.
Sounds a lot like welfare+a loophole to getting around an anger management problem to me, and that's even assuming you're placed in a position where you DO shoot people. What if you're not?Why not just get a job and go learn mixed martial arts and join a gun club? By the way, you shouldn't WANT to shoot people. If you needed to be told that last part then you're too fucked up to be a member of society anyway...
Be me out with friends for the first time since lockdownWe've been friends for over a decade, we can talk and joke about most thingsConversation turns to face masks I explain that I don't think they work (neither do most scientists) and i'm not really comfortable wearing them. They say even if it doesn't work, its best to just wear it I say that I don't think governments should ever mandate clothing e.g muh yellow starsSeveral of my friends seem generally offended by my viewsAnyone had similar experiences? It's honestly like some weird religion to which I am a heretic. Or should I just shut up and put on my muzzle like a good goy?
I explain that I don't think they workhttps://www.ucsf.edu/news////still-confused-about-masks-heres-science-behind-how-face-masks-preventhttps://wwwnc.cdc.gov/eid/article///-_articlehttps://www.cdc.gov/media/releases//p-americans-to-wear-masks.htmlhttps://www.healthaffairs.org/doi/full/./hlthaff..https://www.wsj.com/articles/face-masks-really-do-matter-the-scientific-evidence-is-growing-https://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/coronavirus/in-depth/coronavirus-mask/art-
Trump says wear the mask, I wear the mask.Trump says take the vaccination, I take the vaccination.Trump says he needs my vote, he's got my vote.I would die for this man. I would cut off my balls just to have a beer with him. I would do anything for him.If you don't agree, you're not a true American.Repost if you agree
Keep blaming the people in power, that's how the system survives.
Blow me, subhuman slav serf
top cringe
Is it really that hard to put in a buttplug?Is it really that hard to have a recycling bin?Is it really that hard to say black lives matter?Look at yourself in the mirror, shill.
except proper masks do work.that is why proper PPE for doctors stops them from getting infected with many airborne viruses/diseases.the shitty fake masks or cloth ones that are loose fitting only work maybe % as well (still better than nothing)
If they're offended they're not your friends, simple as.

that is why proper PPE for doctors stops them from getting infected with many airborne viruses/diseases.Things nobody ever said before  for $.
Yet  months ago, the advice was the literal exact opposite. These are the same people who majorly fucked the whole covid response. In my country they literally exterminated old people. Why should I listen to these people? Especially when there's plenty of evidence that  sheets of tissue paper DOESNT stop viruses.
You do not need to wear a mask in Tesco. See tweet below from Tesco's official Twitter account. Most shoppers (probably % at my local supermarket) did not wear masks in May and June and cases/deaths continued to fall.
You seem legitimately low IQ, what's wrong with neu-/pol/?
You are wrong, PPE is considered the last line of defense and is never used as a source of primary control. if a doctor knows a patient has an actual deadly disease you can be guaranteed he will come in in a hazmat suit.
Were your friends wearing masks?
I thought that it will be mandatory to wear masks in stores from the th?
Wow, what a well elucidated argument. You've sure changed my mind
No, it was yesterday. But there are exemptions e.g if you have anxiety lol
From yesterday (in England).
Anime conventions are wild.
In the shops yes, as you can get a £ fine for not doing so.But I know we'll eventually have to be wearing them in all public places. None of them seemed to have a problem and these are intelligent, thoughtful people.
Facemasks = Yellow StarsThat'd only be true if a certain segment of the population had to wear it, and others not. I could see it as dangerous if we say, only those with immuno-deficiencies, were to wear the mask as people might begin to blame them for this lockdown continuing. However, if everyone wears the mask, no one is singled out. It's the same reason it's not tyranny we all have to cover our genitals - because we ALL have to.
None of them seemed to have a problem and these are intelligent, thoughtful people.So maybe you're the odd one out
This thread again, huh britbong. You should wear it when you're around tons of strangers in enclosed spaces.
The elites don't, even the ones who are the heroes that libcucks are all cheering on. Heroes because they agree with each other.
As well. Look at these "fashionable" masks that happen to be useless.
https://skribbl.io/?dBwOyuDJjyjoin for faggotry
You mean when there's no one within six feet of him, he removes his mask? Shocking!They work. The point is not to eliminate infection chance, but to reduce it. It's not the chainlink fence metaphor. Some of the particles do slip through, yes, but they mainly travel in saliva and mucus flying from your mouth. As they're contained in these globs, they're contained in the mask. You might want to compare our infection rates, mine, a mask culture, yours, and anti-mask culture.
Why?
That's a fair analysis. But assumably there will come a point where those who have been (((vaccinated))) dont have to muzzle up, and those who haven't still have to. Does that count?Maybe. It's not so much the difference of opinion, but the complete unquestioning acceptance.
You're assuming that mask wearing is the only factor affecting infection rates. Surely you'd need an extensive multivariate analysis before you can say one way or the other
Masks don’t work. The science blatantly proves they do not even slow spread, regardless of where they are implemented. Peer review studies done for decades (Notice I said peer review as the recent studies are not reviewed) have shown that facial coverings do not prevent or slow the spread of viral disease. Either these measures are being implemented out of fear and ignorance or it is purposefully malicious. You decide.
If there's a vaccine, it'll the mask mandate will likely go away. At that point, infection is voluntary. I'd be concerned about a mandatory vaccine though. I, however, don't think a vaccine will ever come. Corona viruses are notoriously difficult to create a vaccine for and when they were trying for a SARs vaccine, the results were often worse than SARs itself (reminder, SARs has a % death rate). You're right. There's multiple actions that increase and decrease infection. Masks, however, do help and we have to remember corona is a new disease. It's not a Herculean Task to ask you to wear a mask. I understand making someone wear a mask makes you uncomfortable, many people feel that way, but the real benefit for you and I is it becomes a slow burn until herd immunity happens in the near future. You and I WILL get it. It's too far spread and it's not going away anytime soon. When you and I do though, and if it becomes serious, it's best to have a hospital bed ready.

Actually go kys. Fucking cringe nigger
See based japan poster
I have accepted that covid views is the contemporary litmus test for rooting out NPCs
I'd like to state further though, masks for EVERYONE is a little silly. I live in a metropolis of  million people - I should be masked up the second I step out the door. If you live in London, you should too.If you're in some bumfuck hamlet though with more sheeps to shag than people, it's a little silly for you to be wearing a mask (if you stay in the hamlet, are meeting relatively few people, and no where nearby has any cases).
I get what you're saying. It's nice to have a reasoned debate that doesn't descend into abuse.The vaccine issue is an interesting one, they seem to have identified a lot if mutations so you're almost certainly right.If I genuinely believed the mass wearing if masks will actually save lives, I would be more comfortable doing it. I know in East Asian cultures its just a non issue. I just dont see a way back from the damage this is going to do to the social cohesion in my country.
Again, a very sensible perspective
Remember when that guy in London got fined for bot wanting to show his face when the police did facial recognition tests?That's why you should wear a mask
If you think a face mask will stop you being identified and surveiled, you're mistaken
Well that's already a lost battle either way, but you may as well try something
I remained to be convinced that those masks people are wearing are effective at all. They wore them during the Spanish influenza and it didn’t halt the spread. My understanding was that surgical masks are meant as a precaution to stop bacteria from the surgeon entering the body of a patient being operated on. Not as a fail safe against virus spread. That’s why you see those doctors with face shields and Googols on.
I don't want to be racist but... WHY IS IT ALWAYS NIGGERS DOING THIS SHIThttps://twitter.com/stillgray/status/
You don't want to be racist, yet it just happens the more you are exposed to them, like a natural reaction to an action.
I don't want to be racistI didn't even have to look to know it was a fucking leaf
I don't think I want to fight for this.
Racism is illogical and stupid but...constant pattern recognition is another thing.
stupid mutt
Lol, how weak are niggers? The White dude was ganged up on by like  of them and he still took one of them to the ground. If there was only like  of them there they would of probably ended up in the er if he was really angry. But seriously why do all these fights consist of eight niggers ganging up on someone and not being able to kill them? The average person should be able to give some one serious brain if they are able to hit the head a couple of times. Kind of pathetic. And in the end he has bruise on hit neck.
Recognizing the biological and genetic differences between race is logical and intelligent. If you deny that blacks are more violent due to genetic factors, you are also denying evolution.
you see the flag.wrong flag nigger. buy ammo, crock pots and guns. be prepared to slow cook your meals.
ok nigger
The evil CCP hates to see this kind of freedom

What's with the white dude being totally fine after getting beat by six people?
This, he doesn't even seem bothered.
What's he gonna do? Call the cops?
Racism is illogical and stupidRacism doesn't exist, you faggot. Ethnocentrism, on the other hand, does. Stop using that Jew word unironically. Same with the Jew word "Nazi." Drop them from your vocabulary.
Recognizing the biological and genetic differences between race is logical and intelligent.Imagine using the word "racism" unironically and posting on pol.
I mean, I don't think he even needs to. He doesn't seem like he's in any pain at all. He looks like he's about to start laughing at how pathetic that mobbing was.
It was his blm contribution.
Why do african countries even have flags, isn’t that a white thing? They should be swinging beads, small animal bones and feathers around right?
That makes a lot of sense. The words mean the same thing but one has less autist pretense. Whelp maybe thats the push I needed.
You don't want to be racistNobody wants to be racist, everyone just is.
Niggers are so weak, if niggers were rightfully getting purged they wouldn't last a week.
I don’t want to be racistrealizes niggers act like violent animalsYou’re not racist OP. That’s a bullshit term, coined to make you feel bad about standing up for yourself against people that want you dead.
Add basketball american
You should consider "bird watcher" for your list.
The CCP is funding shit like this.
These people are just fucking LARPers, they just want to feel special when they know that their worth is absolutely nothing
From the stories I heard niggers have very weak muscles and are called "popcorn muscles" because they are used for intimidation only. Also the lack of intelligence makes their attacks even more ineffective.
Appropriating white cultureBased
Post evidence.
this please
BLM is one leader away from a genocide. Too bad they are all too stupid. More likely to be enslaved if anything.
I don't want to be racist but..kek
Who do you think the automatic weapons are for?https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/local-media-release/-assault-weapons-parts-seized-cbp-louisville
Who tf is this?
I don't want to be racistyou will be
POSE EMBINGDENS PREES
Did you even read that article? Nothing in there about BLM, Antifa, or even the CCP. That's not evidence.
I don't want to be raciston /pol/you don't need to lie, not here of all places
/pol/ no longer has any standardsNorway is funding BLM.
This is your future white people. If this what they're doing to whites now, Imagine how bad it will be when whites become the minority. It's your fault for listening to the Jewish media.
What a young chad.Flirting with the jungle bunny right after.Also niggers get jumped like this all the time op, just no one cares because it’s by other niggers or minorities.
Niggers are weak hitters lolThis Amerimutt rape baby pothead is completely unphased due to his Aryan blood.
Imagine the smell.
It's your fault for listening to the Jewish media.Flag checks out.
The head of Canadian antifa.
How has "diversity" benefited you? Lower wages? A media that indoctrinates your youth to idolize niggers? Feeling uneasy when outnumbered by niggers? how the fuck is being racist illogical
painchoad
And you stop capitalizing the word "jew".
All industry in CHina is the CCP.
Niggers are cowards. Nothing new to see here, seven of them could hardly take down one White man, pathetic.
...moon cricket?
im afraid im becoming racist anon
Whitoid got rekt lmao
fuck off back to israel you jew cuck
is this Lizzo?
Screaming like monkeys and thats not an exaggeration.
don't want to be racistwhy?
those chimp screamsyep, it's niggers
Gradually, I began to hate them...
i'm just glad whites have stopped relaxing around blacks
Literally... LITERALLY... how do you become such a flaming fuckin fag
Why do you know that slob fat negresses name?
Kaffir is the arabic slur for non believersThe Afrikaans slur for niggers is kaffer
Why they sound like monkeys?
Niggers are so weak, if niggers were rightfully getting purged they wouldn't last a week.This yeah there's a few pure breed slave types that dominate sports but your average nig can't compare to chad european genetics
...moon cricket?I asked about this one before apparently it's because of them singing at night time kek
Disgusting hippopotamus
Racism is illogical and stupid but...constant pattern recognition is another thing.It’s the same thing
Well there not many other sources other than the jewish media monopoly constantly producing shit of epic proportions.I wouldn't want to be a jew in the modern day, you will get purged soon everyone hates you even if you are a innocent jew.You are not helping the case of innocent jews by agitating people like this.There might be actual ovens this time moshe, think about it.
i was just browsing, and saw your post, check the tweet you were mentioning, and instantly joined your side. If someone has their "pronouns" in their bio, I cannot take them seriously.
LmfaoHow low have we fallen for the christcuck mind to associate violence with impulsivity. Violence serves many purposes you pleb.
Wasn't "hooper" a thing for a little while?
''what the fuck are you gonna do''''wot''*Presses his arms against his rib cage to brace himself*-And at that moment I knew who would lose.So many white people are tamed, from very docile and comfy environments, thx to my whore mom for beating the shit out of me as a kid shit like this never happens to me because I read body language more than the words coming out of your gay mouth. You lack your inner animal.
webm so I don't have to hit that retarded site?
I've been in that situation twice.You are outnumbered shithead, you back the fuck off with your arms up and make sure none of these fuckers ever get in your back. Eventually they get tired. I've had these gay fellow quebeckers throwings rocks at me for calling a nigger a somalian peanut head in Quebec and saying sorry for insulting your step brother you fucking cuck
knuckle dragger
dont be reycis bro. Go back to buying $ chickenbreasts....
just niggers being niggers
Its dangerous to travel the land alone anon...here..take this. It will aid you on your journey.
How pathetic, they barely made a scratch on this guy. Pathetic weak monkeys
Bullshit. You don't just stand around like a punching bag waiting for one of them to get you on the ground and start their stomping ritual.
Ethiopian engineers and doctors.
The future looks bright.
When you live in the south, and you’ve grown up around em, it’s hard not to hate em. Most people on here hate niggers. I just hate pretty much all blacks.
They weren't trying to hurt him, that's just an african dance.
I think this thread sums up a big problem quite succinctly. Nigger this, basketball American that, blacks. Nearly all of them wear or wave a foreign flag yet nobody comments on this. This is Ethiopian scum. Foreigners. Start identifying them by their country of origin. If you throw them on the heap with your 'blacks' then all it does is give more weight to BLM. Widdle away at them, separate them into their countries of origin. And put against that your being American. Frame it as against foreigners, don't play their game.
Built for the BWC
Americucks BTFO once againhahahahhahaha
These are USA nationals radicalized by foreign terrorist. Why are the federal police not rounding them up????
Whitebro is unfazed, proud of him. Niggers do this in every country, it’s in their genes. There is NO FUCKING WAY they built Washington or the pyramids or anything else.
He got up with  bpm pulse. He must've been on some good shit
Stupid white nigger that's what you fucking get talk shit get hit pale motherfuckers
Nigger orcs know in general they can only do short bursts in a group to contend. Gigganigga urikai are a different story, don’t take them lightly.
White guy brushed them off, faggot. Just lost his balance. Get real
Ugh I can't even tell who is doing what in this scene, just niggers attacking
WTF is happening to people?Just looked at my steam's friend list and all my friends from the early s are now weebs, trannies, furries, or depressed nihilists. No exceptions. All of these guys were normal people with normal lives, and now they're degenerate scum.Something happened. This world doesn't seem right.
Flesh is weak, soul is even weaker.It's hard to resist degeneracy without killing yourself.
I have  steam friends
Being weeb is based.
Based.
Strong men make good times. Good times make weak men. They simply don’t want to take on the responsibility of navigating the world as a man. Its harder for them to treated rougher due to this fact so they turn into women because it’s life on easy mode.
ALL OF MY FRIENDS ON STEAM ARE BASED NAT SOC CHADS THAT GET ARYAN DIMES DAYLY
One of my weeb lolicon friends got a gf and became a trucker. Life's weird.
The world hasn't been right for a long time now, friend.
I don't want to watch anime because then I'd go full weeb
people are too scared to speak up, yet want to fit in.
checking your gay shit
Psyops
my friends on steam got third degrees burns
This. Even my lefty friends have Nazi shit on their profiles because it's seemingly totally unmoderated.  You can get the SS symbol in your username with alt command for fuck sake. Ask Ted Kacynski OP.
BPA / Atrazineturned the frogs gay, and the humans
Cletus shouldnt have been on sun
weebNothing wrong with that.
is friends with spergswonders why spergs dont grow up to be normies???
Arabian prince could be anything and he chose to be a weeb. Very aspiring. I hope he's happy.
FACT: Dotards are the most powerful people in the world
based quadbillions will die in this century
All of these guys were normal people with normal livesNo, no and no.Not a good idea to announce how much of a faggot you are.
Alienation, atomization, superficial image based society; needlessness for masculinity, intellectualism or violence, sexual impulses without an outlet that reverses on itself (people are too selfish to fall in love or date.)
Everything wrong with it. Effeminate weeb fatties and skeletons are a plague.
This is an anime website holy fuck, fuck off already.
You really think it doesn't take an absolute chad to be a weeb? Everyone hates you for your superior taste instead of all the blackwashing, racemixing, degenerate shit from Muttmerica.
Video games are pure propaganda
Effeminate weebYeah no, that is not how that works. Remember where you are anon.
welcome to society, it looks comfy, but there is a catch, you're not in control, even of what you think, you think you are someone but you're just simply reprogrammable, your life is a lie
You can get the SS symbol in your username with alt command for fuck sake.lmao no I got banned for "I cant breath" username
Anime is garbage for manchildren
Jews. Did you really not already know this OP?
if you have low test levels watching anime unironically turns you into a depraved furry/tranny it's like a sort of brainwashing.the more you consume something that gives you a pleasurable experience the more your brain is conditioned into wanting it.
Do you have any good multiplayer games anon?Or are you playing single player and expecting NPCs to add you to their frend list?
nothing wrong with animewtf is even the relation between being a tranny and anime??
Most millennials and zoomers grew up watching anime, that's why they are more likely to accept degeneracy because they have been conditioned by CIA jap pedo culture mkultra. You see these retards march in white nationalists parades and then return home to their body pillow of some underaged anime boy. No matter how superior you believe yourself to be, at the end of the day you are merely human and are susceptible to all kinds of mind control shenanigans. People who worship Japanese culture should be treated as the enemy, just like the socialists and communists of all stripes.
My friends have turned out normal. I mean, we’re mentally ill and miserable, but we’re all straight, no drugs, no alcohol, work full time, want to get married. I don’t know why degeneracy smells so good to some people. Diaper furfags and hormone deranged dick amputees are probably caused by demonic possession because at this point it stops being a simple inability to restrain pleasure seeking, as none of this is pleasurable to a sane person.
We used to play TF back in around  on community deathruns and shit.Admins used to ban fags and kick anyone with a weeb spray. Everyone said racist memes outloud and nobody cared either. There was also a real sense of community that you don't get now anywhere. years later the same people that kicked them are the fags and weebs now. It's insane
You are degenerates get out of my thread

I'm glad I introduced my steam friend to /pol/ a few years back.
Power ranking :WeebsDepressed NihilistsFurriesTrannies
today the new gen (alpha) is being "built" as in psychological complexes and cultural influences, maybe they can't control everyone individually (yet), but they surely can in big chunks.
Bruce Jenner dressed like a girl and went on the cover of Vanity Fair and the world hasn't been the same since. Obgersfield vs Hodges unleashed demons.
Playing Dota  for  hours was the only thing that prevented me from being turned into feminine putty by my jew faggot american high school. Doing great now in college and life
Same. One of mine became a gay marxist furry, The other one became an anti police fanatic, And that was before all the riots began
Why do you oust yourself as a fag OP ?
wtf is even the relation between being a tranny and animeI've noticed all trannies seem to like anime and and listen to Britney Spears.I really don't get the Britney Spears shit. Every single tranny I've met loves Britney Spears
QUADSGLERM LOOKS DOWN ON USBLONK
Isn't that the profile of the Saudi prince?

Is no one going to point out that the screenshot is not OP's friend but rather a Saudi Prince? (Who's also a giant weeb)
Yes
Checked and nobodygivesashitpilled. Not even you.
No, someone just put his name on
Trannies try to claim anime cause they are faggots
depressed nihilist
same here, can't see who played with me in Dark Souls in PC, consoles you can, it sucks
Don't watch gay shit then, only manly men in space.
every steam profile pic is either anime, a cat or a rapper
Same, I just use Steam for strategy games.
I miss the good old days of MW and Halo on Xthe chatrooms man, were worth the  bucks a year

Yes, chan is not degenerate at all, have you checked the other boards?
That's going too far Anon, don't you have simpathy for the poor man who got kille by racist pig?
I spent much of the 's (my youth) as a "weeb" aka I had an anime profile picture, consumed anime and discussed it. However the overwhelming faggotry and second-hand embarrassment I got from just about every other "weeb" and those who jumped on the anime bandwagon made me wake up and realise just how infested with homosexual and tranny shit it was. All my steam friends were faggots and trannies. Even on chan people who post anime shit are one message away from going full fucking homo. Anime communities are riddled with ERP. There's just something about it which attracts the worst kind of people.
I would've taken a shit down his throat
Based. I have one.
I've never met a single weeb in my entire life who wasn't completely intolerable.The one decent weeb I met on discord and played games with turned out to be gay.. For me. He was using our friendship in hopes of getting me to send nudes.You know who broke the news to me? Another bitch in our discord circle who to this day I cannot tell if was a tranny or not. They ousted me after the gay dude got pissed I wasn't taking his advances and said I was trying to sabotage him in a EU game we were playing.The other two people in the group were a redditor that went to ivy league and a crippled neo nazi that beat his wife.
using Steam instead of GoG
covid is not a "new" virus and has been in our boarders turning our citizens into animals for nearly a decade
Previous Bread Died....HOLY SHIT.....
Who's Mr rabbit then
It's fake like Bubbu Hotep and the other nigger faggot Jussie. Jussie? What kind of a fucking idiot names their kid some stupid shit like fussy little bitch jussie.
what the fuck are you on about
Fuck you and your netflix account faggot
Basically skizo thinks we are following the plot of a TV show irl
"this is a spoon, do you know what I do with it?"
I liked this show. :(
This show?https://youtu.be/CDu-bNgQWas pretty based but I forgot the whole plotlines. Care to remind OP?
If the plan is to inject niggers spics and other undesirables, then I'm all for the plan. Bring it the fuck on.Just stay away from me and those I care about.
This tv show from  years ago is all aboutsome elite Illuminati/freemason typesdeveloping and releasing a virus, and modifying the vaccine to sterilize allwho take it.The first release of the virus is just a weak sauce version to get everyone prepared. But they know most peoplewon't take the vaccine. Then they plan on releasing a much more deadlyversion.Go watch the show but here is theQRDhttps://youtu.be/FjXQkY
That would be fucking great if it were true. Unfortunately, you're just a schizo who forgot to grab their refill of Haloperidol on your way back from the Dolla Sto'
That's the thing. It's not about just the third world and brown people. They even reference wanting to have the world population down to , people. Georgia Guidstones style.In the show the vaccine targets everyone except one race/genetic type. Leaving only them able to procreate. And no....not the little hat big nose peeps.
Idk, but dr. Fauci is definitely that squirrely as beurocrat that knocks up the "Russian" prostitute. Bill Gates having an eugenicist for a father is definitely part of the "Network"
Recommending Hollywood produced media Wtf is wrong with you
https://www.reddit.com/r/unintentionalASMR/comments/ocss/asian_kid_solves_math_test_really_fast/does this make you feel stupid
browsing reddit? yes
but I feel smart browsing chan
Being good at math has nothing to do with intelligence, so noCan he create a pretty painting? Craft a piece of fine music?
Being good at math has nothing to do with intelligence
CLICK CLACK *BANG*Thats all it will take to end this madness going on in clown world.
And that feels good.
every white gun owner thinks the same thing but they all have a "you first" mentality.
Well if you aim it at the Jewish elite, yeah you will solve the madness.
Well with that logic if something happens then it will be a shit tsunami of happenings
Because its the biggest step and takes backbone to go forward. Nobody likes hanging on the edge but most of us are too afraid to take the leap forward. But some will like many have.
Geez for such a short sentence that's extremely accuratebeen foaming at the mouth for  months
You won't do shit. Nobody is going to die on your behalf.
Like the saying goes. "The shot heard around the world."
I don't know about that Arab bro, if you kill the Jewish elite you'd still have the common Jew, the niggers, the commies, the faggots and Pagans etc.
Sorry forgot the meme flag
If only it was that easy anon.
If only you realized that our government made gun owners criminals overnight and theres k AR s out there. In no way is this a sustainable way to treat us.
I understand your frustration but to get a job done right you will require a toolbox that has more than just a big hammer in it.
The crucifixion of George Floyd
Remember when we joked about "Saint Floyd"?
Unbelievable.
wew lads this just gets worse doesn't it.... next thing they tell us is that he is God himself
anon has never read a Christian websiteThey literally do this with everything. Current news events, movies, literature, history. Fucking everything relates somehow, no matter how much they twist it.

George FloydGeorge from the jungleStrong but he can't breeeveGeorge FloydGeorge of the jungleWatch out for that knee
I'm a fentanylbyterian. Have you heard the word of our nigga and savior, Saint Fentanyl Floyd?He died across the pavement for your gibs.Repent and cast aside the devices of the Orange One!
I take a knee for Saint Floyd.
both their fathers are ghosts.Damn they have more in common than I thought.
bump
George FloydGeorge from the jungleStrong but he can't breeeveGeorge FloydGeorge of the jungleAs high as he can be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZJxRimk
pottery
This new denomination of christianity is pretty lit tbqhfamalam.
Except Jesus was an innocent sinless being meanwhile Floyd was your average black man.
What the actual fuck? now he is a fucking hero or some shit, fucking saint?he was a fucking criminal.fuck niggers and fuck Americans who allowed this shit.
watch out for that knee
achualy, Jesus die robin’ a licker stow.raycis ass Ro-mans put a nee on he nek ‘n shieet
Someone ask them to specify who killed Christ
Fuck that nigger. I laughed watching him die. All niggers should be treated like the fuckin savage animals they are
I think they surf /pol/ for ideas honestly. You guys have some really great ones.
This is pretty goddamn gay
you blasphemous nigger. I'm not even Christian and I'm offended you would conflate the good lord with a fucking junkie nigger. What the actual fuck?
this is why God left us
Christcucks get the rope
use to we called atheists infidels degenerate
Jesus was also a thief and dug user. George is the second coming.

two men of color killed by the white establishment for victimless crimesPowerful.
cause the bitch didn't know his father.
Jesus was a myth invented by the authorities to manipulate the lives and behavior of millions of people. George Floyd is ...
One was supposedly the son of god, the other a common variety of north american pavement ape.
Floyd looked down and crued for mommy, and Christ looked to Heaven and asked his Father to forgive his fake news slaughter
Who THE FUCK do they think they are?Comparing a criminal, a drug addict, a felon, a NIGGER to the Son of God? This is fucking infuriating. In  I became more and more blackpilled but this year I hit some sort of critical blackpill mass and came out the other side and I just get more and more angry.JESUS CHRIST IS KING.GEORGE FLOYD IS A NIGGER.AND HE IS IN HELL.WHILE CHRIST REIGNS IN HEAVEN.
oh that's why dictators always wanna stamp out his teachings instead of using them to control people... hmm makes sense
And it's a Jesuit magazine.
IDIOTS
Ok this getting ridiculous. Comparing him to Jesus? Was Jesus a drug addicted criminal passing fake bills and robbing pregnant women by putting a gun to her pregnant belly? This reeks of kikery, reeks of some jewish bullshit,
George George Floyd of the jungleStrong but he can't breatheAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHWatch out for that knee!
George Floyd was dying of complications from drug addiction before the cops even got there. These people claiming to be Christians are just repeating lies and it's sick.
They will regret writing this article.
People who think like this need to be ostracized from society. Put them in a retard clinic or a facility capable of electo-shock therapy.
Only one was a nigger
(((Jesuit))). I bet it's written by a jew.
Jesus taught people to be good, love your neighbors and GodFloyd was druggie who shoved drugs in his ass,was a pornstar and a criminalFucking kikes, they really hate Christ
George, georgeFloyd of the jungleStrong but he cant breatheAHHHHHHHHHHHWatch out for that knee!!

He’d cry out to his father too, but he doesn’t know who that is.
You're not thinking at a large enough scale. Biblical.
And Floyd had a son he never knew as well, apparently. Symmetry.
this is the nd time ive seen these dirty niggers compare Floyd to jesus. freemason niggers
what utter shite
I remember when Jesus held a sword to Mary Magdalene's pregnant belly and demanded  pieces of silver...The mental backflips it takes to understand modern (((reporters)))
Based leaf. No rake for you today borther.Dead niggers are the best niggers. Particularly when they are young. There's nothing quite like watching these videos of nigger parents abusing their young mongrels to death. Past, present, and future all being validated and improved in one video.
I remember whst my papa told me. I remember what my papa told me. Blasphemy.t. Some dead nigger
Fuck Jesuits, fuck the kike pope.
Do you think George would have called for his father if he had one?
Probably never knew his father so it makes sense
jesus was a fentanyl addicted convicted gang banger who robbed a pregnant woman at gun point?i guess i really have to read the Bible at some point
just give it a few hundred years
taking anything the Jesuits say seriouslyI knew op was a fag but damn...
bump
bump
Is he the antichrist, or is the average black man so destructive that they can be compared to a biblical disaster?
Dixie cup of watermelon flavored malt liquor This is the blood of ChristKFC chicken leg This is the body of Christ
If you only knew how bad things really are.
Knees be upon him. Amen.
dindu nuffins amen
maybe not the antichist, but that golden casket they buried him in was not a mistake or being flashy. the whole thing was a ritual. its all esoteric shit
When I said BLM/"anti racism" was the new religion I was somewhat kidding. Holy fuck
George Floydpiece of shit and his death is celebrated by everyone.
bump
Then they offered him wine mixed with myrrh, but he did not take it. (Mark :)Jesus was offered a narcotic to dull the pain and refused.Floyd was complaining he couldn't breathe before he was ever on the ground because of all the fentanyl in his system.Exactly the same.
Think Jesus knew his father
Yeah they're so alike, I remember well the story of how Jesus died from a overdose induced heart attack.
remember the time jesus pulled a gun on a pregnant woman?me either.
Is this how christianity got formed? Was some random kike hanged on a stick for eating baby penises but then they claimed him messiah
His killer was drugs in the anus that he put there
Floyd died for his own sins
Revelations II : and Floyd said all upon thee whom a woke fentanyl should be consumed to excess.
To put Floyd at the same level as Jesus is blasphemy. That nigger died from drug overdoes
son just don't even start
George Floyd = martyrCanceling = witch hunts Racists = heathens Trayvon, MLK, Obama = untouchable icons
The Sunrise Movement and other cultural marxist groups have been waiting for a weak point to launch this attack. George Floyd is nothing more than a conduit for the bolshevik revolution.
No one was joking. These people have been acting exactly like a religion for a while now.
Floyd died for his own sinskek
are they trying to discredit their "cause"? kek
mommy
Imagine giving your life for niggers to have a place in the bus and then they put you at the same level as a hobo high on fentanyl.
Fentanyl Floyd cried out for his drug dealer.
little known fact, Jesus was also high Fentynl, cocaine and meth, tried to pass off  fake shekels, had covid  for over a month and walked around in public, the crucifixion is what killed him, it was the Praetorians being too rough with him that killed him
the crucifixion isnt what killed him
bump
another similarity: they both fucked prostitutes
ia george floyd the anti christ? the second coming?
You shut that pepperoni mouth you son of a bitch
mfw
We all know jesus also robbed and threatened pregnant women to kill their babies
Based ol' timey folk.
bump
pepperoni is a full blown american thing
According to the bible itself, Jesus was some commie converting non-Hebrews and telling them they should demand to be treated as equals in a Hebrew ethno state in a period of time where Hebrews were conquered and vanquishing. He was literally helping Somalians settle in the middle east and saying "we're all jews" and got killed precisely because of that. Christianity is a dindu cult, so what better saint than George Floyd.
Yeah fucking duh it’s not that hard to see the reason it parallels is because it’s the same thing Christians are the retarded precursors to progressives.
Christcucks....Your religion is kinda responsible for this
And (((who))) did the mocking?
Same thing they did with MLK, canonizing his life. The only two birthdays we had celebrated up till MLK day had been the father of our country and the birth of Christ. Its culture war and we're losing
I cannot belive this happening over a drugged up career criminal who robbed pregnant women, scum of the highest order. America is fallen. Clearly the brown goy cattle population has hit critical mass.
You will join the nigger in hell for being a RACIST Serves you well playing with these jewish religions' rules
How about you read the bibble before making up your head cannon along the way
bump
Both KILLED BY JEWS. OK i can get behind this.JEWS DID THIS
Gold plated pyramid when?
MUH FICTION BOOKYou worship money. Nothing else. Stop lying to yourself.
Just lay back and enjoy the show, it won't last for long
In fact he has ressurected now, I saw him yesterday on the street with neck wounds while he was vomiting after huffing jenkem

Comparing a drug addled violent black man to Jesus is blssihrny
*blasphemy
capitalist JEW media is manipulating Christians to do their bidding despite the fact that capitalism kills whites and christians.
Floyd didn’t know his father else he would have too.
stfu miga nigga.
are they trying to discredit their "cause"? kekNo. Normies unironically see this as inspirational. Spending too long in this place gives you the false impression that the average normie views the world the same way a /pol/lack does. Normies hate white men and love niggers and jews. They blame all the problems of the world on white men and want to see us all die. Messages like this floyd-jesus thing, that make you feel sick, are reasonable, and even logical to the average normie.This is a redpill most /pol/lacks will never properly swallow.
Welcome to /pol/ - Politically Incorrect
Check the catalog before posting a new thread!
Reply to existing threads about a topic instead of starting a new one. New users who do not abide by this principle will be temporarily blocked from creating threads. Mods will delete obvious duplicate threads and spam without notice. Don't bitch because your twitter screencap thread got deleted; there are probably other threads about it. Go look!
This is the face of the Swedish right, thoughts?
GAY
Let's see if the swedish faggots in the pic have what it takes to deport the African faggot in the pic.Don't wake me up before that.
JUST A REMINDER
Nobody cares about burgerland, bit noice pic
endenturedAnon stop embarassing whites with your lack of education.
I'm black. That's why I said black people and black history and not nigger.
Well I didn't say black history, but i don't give a shit.
You're a nigger and your """"""history"""""""" is irrelevant.Die, in ARMA  of course.
What the fuck is arma  eurofag? Clean your room.
Black people created Egypt, Ethiopia.
We was kangs is bullshit kimosabe
I'm a Somali so of course I'm not a bantu nigger. Ancient Yemenis, Ethiopians, Arabs, Egyptians were proto-Somalis.
cope harder nigger
I'm an Afro-Arab, an Übermensch.
aus/pol/ Fuck Labor edition
Whats for dinner, /pol/?
Vore is the Australian man's fetish
i feel like chicken tonight
inb labor salt ie pic related
Alex Jones is Bill Hic
Are brothels open yet?
Leigh sales gets what she deservesshe is a mouth piece for those who wish to subvert usshe does not deserve the job she has
Pad see ew with duck from a local thai joint I've never tried before. Food was good but they skimped on the duck should've gone the regular mob you get way more duck
How do we defund the ABC
does the Coon cheese company have a parent company with stocks on the exchange? if they do i'd sell hard lmao, imagine purposefully undermining a popular, high selling brand because of american politics. they're about to lose untold millions from lack of purchases and a massive PR campaign, package design, etc...all because of american politics they could freely ignore...i'm not jewish and even i'm crying at the blatant disregard for money.
large chicken n cheese meal from maccas
duck
not "legally". but yeah
Hope it wasnt Thai Rock m
At gunpoint hopefully.
Misso got us Thai takeaway. She has her girlfriends friends over for drinks, so I’m free to shitpost on /Pol and play vidya
A noble goalStart highlighting their waste and lack of objectivity despite being tax funded
Anyone done a coding bootcamp?
You say Labor is for tranny children yet it was Liberal councils that were organising and financing drag queen story hour for children in Brisbane libraries just last year. It's one thing to virtue signal about homosexuality on social media, it's quite different to actually crossdress in front of children and put dildos in their hands.
nah some local joint not a franchise or whatever
where should i put my vote o wise man of the internet
It isn't about money. Its about hoping to appease the mob. Dumb fucks that they are they don't seem to realise the mob are commies who don't believe in private property. They can't be negotiated with or appeased as they are true believers.
fuck yeah thai food bros
Did you hear Palmer's going to jail for  years for illegally financing his own political campaign with $ million via defraudment?
We dont need to defund it, but limit it to wholesome local content, news (not current affairs/opinion), regional local news and local children’s content.
The Jews are behind drag queen story hour. The organisation in the US that was pushing with it is full of jewish activists. Political parties are just a symptom of jewish influence.
Under who, the leftist subverter malcom turnbull?Yeah ok cunt I can acknowledge thats fucked, can you acknowledge labor is the party of BLM, open borders ideology, far left identity politics, overt LGBT agenda? No you cant because you want to spin it as the only choice lmao you dumb faggot labor staffer get rekt this isnt reddit and you're a leftist shill
Did you get some of those grouse mozzarella sticks on the side?
Anywhere but labor and its supporting parties, hows that for a start faggot?
Lamb Shank poached eggsScotch Whiskey
Some leftover burritos from last night
No been coding since I was .
speak truth o wise internet sage i need an exact location as best to appease you
gb reddit homo
That is possibly the most based dinner I’ve ever heard of.Lamb shanks slow cooked?
take a frozen dinner to the worksite (contractor)tfw their staff room doesnt have a microwaveLooks like its going to be a bag of chips for noe
It's full of jews gooks and abos, that just won't cut it. They did the same thing to Pauline Hanson in the s. Clive is a good person, they can't deal with it.
Just write "Fuck Niggers" on the ballot. It counts just as much.
Pork steak, gravy, mash and peas
I've got my first "lesson" on Monday actually, still not sure about a bootcamp but my mate is going to tutor me almost full time. So whatever he recommend (+ years of coding, he's on k so...presumably good). I am completely new to it, never written a line of code. What are you thinking?
Oy vey! send your kids to us so we can sexualize childhood stories! You're not a transphobic, homophobic, CIS gendered racist are you?
what is a reddit? where do i find them on the ballot nah thats a real bad idea if you didn't know it gives your vote the whatever party is in power.One nation. SFF party or libdems or what ever the wise internet sage suggests
Is there a future in coal lads? I need to change my job, am I thinking about going underground. Is there a future in coal? Or will I get done dirt cheap like the coal miners in England and like my uncle's in the 's? The modern Australian job market is fucked, all I want is a shithouse manufacturing job that will pay enough to scrape by with  kids and a shit fibro house. It appears that is too big of an ask. Relatives before me had bitter fights and feuds with employers for basic pay and conditions, my grandad was on strike for  fucking weeks and got to the point where he had to split a single lamb chop  ways with his family since he ran out of money and food in the house, all over safety conditions so other people's families wouldn't have the blight of having their breadwinners killed or seriously injured. Working class Australians are the fucking toughest cunts in the world, how the fuck have we gotten to the point where we are at today? Where is the fight and fire in the stomach? We are laying down and letting rotten cunts stamp all over us
After  years and  kids, wife has recently started giving blowjobs and even swallowing for the first time. Don’t need a brothel any more.
If voting changed anything it would be illegal.
i wonder where she learned her new tricks
sounds like she's been exploring her sexuality with other men and is trying to make it up to you anon.
i just farted
Just making smalltalk m I have never actually been to a brothel
You in QLD? Most all coal mines there are open pit, so nothing underground. I think iron and copper have a much better future. But that will be out WA and SA.
You should try it.
Im indirectly employed in the coal industry and i fuckin hate it. Id imagine being an operator would be alright though
Obligatory slampig to trigger genuine homosexuals
Hi Jason
Is your wife's name Sam?
After  years and  kids, wife has recently started giving blowjobs and even swallowing for the first timewhat made her do that? maybe she developed a taste for cum from the milkman while you were wagecucking
Outraged! I fucking go to my local woollies and there are hundreds of products racily vilifying me
Daily reminder
After  yearsstarted giving blowjobsAm I a retard or is that a red flag
crackersThe future will look back at this kind of racism and cry
Saved. Make the closure permanent.
checked
Sex is only meant to be in the missionary position for procreation m
when will work for dole return?
Why are Anglos so weak in comparison to the Chinese?The Chinese exterminated enemy without blink of an eye while Anglos argue about something called "rights". Enemy doesn't have any "rights", they should be turned into fertiliser.
lurk more newfag
yes the fact Anglos are actual humans is a weakness
Post examples of swedish diversity in media
hahaha you lurk more newfag
Not any legal ones but pretty much every whore on Scarlett Blue has dropped their prices, with hotels fucked you better clean up your cum socks they can only really come to your house.
You seem to have missed the doubles on the sex hole m
Imagine the fucking smell
based edit
Nah, underground longwalls around my neck of the woods, the other mining doesn't seem to be a positive kind of place to be, so many broken homes, regional work, drug and alcohol problems Yeah, wouldn't mind being on a long wall, I'm pretty tall so it might be a bit of a bitch to work at, I would prefer it than being in a workshop on site as a fitter with cunt managers
Who was it that motioned and eventually legalised gay marriage in Australia? Who was it that's been in control of government  of the past  years and has brought in millions of nonwhites? Who is responsible for three quarters of all government debt? Who was it that abolished the WAP, took the guns, oh we could make the list endless. There is no difference between Labour and Liberals socially, and most of Labor's wet dreams were realised by the Libs. The only real difference is economics.
A safer bet would be working in qld since they tend to export mostly coking coal. Just about every institution is divesting from thermal coal and alot of countries that we sell it too are quickly transitioning to nuclear / renewables
Whos a pretty little birdy?
Pretty sure it was turnbull mYou keep pretending that I am shilling liberals because you're asspained that I am attacking laborBecause you are a labor shill and the only way you can cope is pretending they are both equally bad but lets just vote labor anyway because the only difference is economicsLmao you fucking loserGbreddit you fucking queer
Two pieces of marinated chicken with two poached eggs on top.
High quality coking coal around my area, still didn't help in the 's when all the mine closures happened. Just don't want to get done dirt cheap
Is that a blue faced Wren? One thing Australia has is cool animals.
Fuck me I wish this COVID bullshit would fuck off so I can go the UK and join the Royal Marins before Im too old.I wish I was in the US and a member of the DOJ getting paid to push ANTIFA shit in.
LOL superior trolling. At least I hope so for your sake.
jeez that cunt had enough didn't he
All I'm saying is one is open about their intentions and the other camouflages them, but at the end of the day they both walk the same path, as evidenced by how they govern and the laws they pass. No one is more guilty of this than Pauline Hanson as when it comes to passing laws she sides with Liberals %+ the time, only kicking a fuss up about unions, and blurting out racist remarks close to elections to sure up her voterbase, despite never actually having a racist conviction.Left / right is largely a false dichotomy.
kek
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UxQNDbleUSad reacts only guys.
What do I do cenno anons?

It's too late, covid has written off the next  years
barrel roll
Dude is gona over once the election is over. You watch, as soon as biden wins COVID will magically disappear. Screen cap this.
piss, now. on the red wine
Zack Newton, an electoral officer on Senator Anning’s staff, was reported by the ABC as saying in early April  that it was “Amusing to think I went from shitposting at home and now I'm shitposting in parliament, but here I am lmao,”[]
You seem to be quite asspained about pauline hanson and the liberals to not be a labor sympathiser attempting to pull a sneaky one and push labor votes. Labor is incompatible with /pol/, there is no way around that. They are the party of leftist politics, anti white identity politics, LGBT trannies, open borders ideologyThere is no way around itTrying to cry about welfare does nothing but dig that hole further

argueing with women via text messageBro you've already entered her frame. Don't battle them on their battlefield
t. genuine homosexual
Based
What ever happened to anning's party?
you're not a resident? that's the only thing I can think of, my JSP APM has no power to suspend
Thats fake a shit btw. Their txts are automated and they wouldnt engage you like that. Also youre an idiot for thinking theyde give you free money for nothing. How hard is it to apply for  random jobs a month and go visit your job provider. Worse case you get a job interview, turn up late and say you dont want to job. The deal is apply for  jobs and go to interviws. It doesnt say you hav to apply for jobs you might actually get and then have to do undertake or that you need to then take those jobs seriously.
blue faced WrenYep, think they call them a superb fairy wren
Just text back that you a sudanese who stole this phone and you will rape her.
I think its  jobs a fortnight, so  jobs a month
it's  jobs a month and you don't even have to do that just accept suitable work
Sky NewsIF YOU VOTE LABOUR, YOU WILL DIEWouldn’t you rather be slaves to the Chinks?BASED TRANNY
pretty sure sky news has non stop segments against china m
suitable workIts all so shit though, if you hate it is that considered unsuitable? I fucking hate my job and would rather be a turbo neet
Fuck, anon, she looks like someone hit her in the cunt with a axe.
It was jobs a month when I was on it last year. Can you seriously not get on seek.com and apply for  random jobs? It would take  minutes.
But so are Liberals which means they're a non-pol party either which by extension includes Hanson (did you know she runs Islamic candidates?) and the Nationals. Even Katter kicked Anning as their senator because of his anti-Chinese migration rhetoric, forcing him to form his own party.As it stands in terms of white identitarianism, there are no mainstream parties which endorse this view.
that name
just hurt yourself on the first day and claim work cover
Shes got a pretty tasty looking vag m sorry you are mentally ill though
the noble Chinese are enslaved by the communist partywe must bring in double our population's worth of Chinks to own les libérales
Last time i was on it i think it was about  a month. I dont need to do that since i already am a wagie
Didn't secure enough votes so he lost his independent seat and job.
I used to apply for doctor jobs and high and executive jobs or trades I wasnt qualified for. They didnt care. What were they gona do, say Im too dumb to pursue work? I'de sue them.
Are you cunts preparing?
https://guides.dss.gov.au/guide-social-security-law////find a reason in here
Control of the black market
The (((Lowy Institute))) He should be executed for  but he is still out here raping Australian kids with his pedophile friends.
My only position ITT is dont vote labor or its supporting parties. If you actually have a problem with that, you're a labor shill. You can spin it as much as you want, its clear.
Coon is more "tasty" than that thing.
suck my dick or I know you’re sucking his
Thats the opinion of a genuine homosexual though, its like asking a muslim what their favourite cut of pork is
I will unironically never buy Coon cheese again for caving in to the woke mob.
pure homosexual projection/lgbt/
Furiously basedI sorta did that, i was somewhat qualified for the ones i used to "apply" for buy didnt have the + years exp they were asking
No one but lefty poofs willSo they can move to melbourne and sell exclusively there
you can apply for any  jobsim making a new resume as we speakalso it doesnt state anywhere you need to go to the jobseeker offices, theyre outta bounds now due to wave you can attend phone interviews and make updates if neededfuck it bois neet life ever
Checked. Get woke go broke
There is a huge difference between a cut of pork and that thing. I bet it's like throwing a sausage up a hallway.

checked and keked
Checked again. Digits train
Preparing for the race war?
Not surprising you have sausage on the mind hey poof
Why are labor such faggots?
Was nice while it lasted. Beers all round
Oh, and imagine the smell.....
HOLY SHIT I KNOW THAT GUY. Is/was he in the Navy?
Probably something to do with being gay
Because theyre all trannies
she is a degenerate whore and despite how she looks only beta orbiters would want anything to do with her.OH MA GOD WHAT STRONK WOMEN CAN I SUCK YOUR TAMPONS OUT OF THAT STINKY CUNT HOLEyou are worse than a faggot
Lol no idea
lmao imagine getting this triggered over someone enjoying an image of a plump pussygo dilate
Greetings (a)gentsGiven that we all radiate either ionising radiation or the fumes of white phosphorus on a cold Winter’s night, whilst being members of aethiope race, I beg the question:How would we ship Fs chambered for . mm and Mark  sidearms to Kowloon in a suitcase, ammunition included, without detection?Much appreciated
where do I sign up for this?
of course im triggeredyou should be toowe need to encourage traditional values in women not degenerate whorish behavior but you drooling incels cannot restrain yourself when a dirty hole no one should encourage presents itself.

Or any other luggage, with emphasis on metal detection
Do you just walk around taking pics of random cunts? WTF is ong with you?No ideaClearly you do because he posed for the photo meaning you know him or he is you.
They'll magically have the cure the whole time and threaten not to give it when Trump wins again.
Whores will always be whores
Can't you just buy one when you get there? They probably make a decent knockoff at a bargain price.

The Department of Justice? Gotta be a US citizen, have a top secret clearance, uni degree and join one of the Federal LEA's within the DOJ like the FBI, US Marshals, ATF, DEA. The DHS also has others like the Border patrol, customs, ICE.
Probably just a fag thinking he was going to pick up, especially if he is in the navy.
when you BRAPPP so hard it blows a hole in your jeans
I worked in Brisbane for  years.sold up.moved to tas.now an unemployed bum.Meis Happy.Enjoy your debt hells.
Take your meds lad
someone at work only works on the weekends as a casualtfw get double time and dont have to deal with anyone from admin for  daysSounds pretty comfy
It's a sad feeling knowing you're one of the very few Anglo-Celtic people in Australia
Calm down, son. I recorded the entire walk and these are screen grabs from the footage lol
Today
tfw we used to have thousands of unmarked mm MkII Sten-guns precisely for distributing to 'unattributable' purposes.fold down into a tiny bundle or can be split up for cachingno serial numbers, no proofmarks, could have come from anywhere even handmade in KhyberPass, totally deniableAny bets JohnshitcuntHoward put them in the smelter to boost the numbers up?
I AIN'T WEARIN' NO C U C K MASK!!! THEY MIGHT MAKE ME VACCINATE MY KIDS NEXT!But I will get a license to drive a vehicleI will accept invasive government surveillanceI will have a birth certificate documenting my existenceI will provide ID when asked for it to purchase alcoholI will provide ID when asked for it to purchase cigarettesI will pay my taxesI will wear a shirt, pants, and shoes inside a store to make a purchaseI will abide by the store's terms of conductI will not text on my cell phone while drivingI will register my handgun with the governmentI will acquire a license to own a firearmI will acquire a license specifically to operate a large truck or specialized vehicleI will acquire a license to own an exotic petI will not yell fire in a crowded theaterI will abide by laws that force me to care for my children or else be jailedI will wear a seat belt while drivingI will pay child supportI will abide by marriage lawsI will honor divorce laws and their dividing of assets regulationsI will not threaten other people with languageI will wait in line at the store for my turn to purchase goodsI will not violate intellectual property lawsI will not take merchandise without paying for itI will not vandalize property that is not my ownI will not have sex with a person who does not continually verbally consentI will obey all traffic laws, stop signs, and stop lightsI will not disturb the peace at night time and make excessive noise that disturbs other citizensI will not physically assault those who displease meI will not imprison another citizenI will not point a firearm at another citizen without due causeI will pay to own land on government soilI will acknowledge United States police officers as peace keepers and follow their commandsI will acknowledge land ownership deeds issued by the government and respect the land boundaries of my neighbors.BUT I AIN'T WEARIN' NO FUCKIN' C U C K MASK!
Vaccines are injected inside you, the others aren’t.
i dont trust the guys who make the vaccine so now i am a redneck moron? cool story bro.
Shut the fuck up I'm not reading all that
What about the mask hillbilly
me wonders why image attached is somehow every homestuck  year old living in his parents house immediate go to image for angry working class white men.Ya'll are really not learning anything in college are you? I feel like I could have four of your degrees without literally doing anything I don't already do.

Fuck your mask niggerVirus is killing the old and the weakFuck your mask
Nice picture of yourself. You already let the government fuck your sheep ass in  different ways and you pretend wannabe rebels think you're taking a stand by refusing to wear something meant to protect the health of other citizens. No respect for low IQ morons that endanger others for their LARPing.If you were really standing up to the government over this shit, you wouldn't let any of that shit listed stand and you would have protested it limiting your freedom. You're just a bunch of sheep LARPing as wolves.
Nazis are Eugenicists if you didn’t know. Old Jews dying benefits everyone.
But I will get a license to drive a vehicleWhat does a drivers license have to do with your health faggot
Oh wow I really want to be a part of the right wing who want to kill off all of the old and infirm including their parents. They have no compassion for anyone but themselves and angrily want death in the thousands rather than be courteous of other people. And you guys honestly look in the mirror in the morning and tell yourselves YOU'RE the oppressed ones and boohoo, poor you, liberals don't tolerate your bullshit. It's funny to me that you guys can say this kind of shit and would gladly endanger and kill your own parents and yet you think of yourselves as the good guys, lol.
Hey, make a fucking commune and live there for few generations and we'll come and throw some blankets for you retards. Let's see if you want those vaccines afterall.
Yes, the old and the weak are a net drain on society. Why do you care if they die?Only children believe believe that people live forever. I would even posit that extending the life of the elderly is abuse in a way.
This thread again? all fields faggot
The argument many use is that they will not wear a mask because if they fall in line on trying to be courteous to other citizens and their health concerns, then the government will next mandate vaccinating their children or some other oppressive government mandate.Only...America is already full of social expectations and rules and regulations you're expected to follow. You can't drive a vehicle without a driver's license. That is a rule against your will and freedom. It's for the safety and benefit of society and other citizens, just like wearing a cloth mask. But you do it. Same with wearing a seatbelt or anything else listed there. All of these things being arrestable offenses limits your freedom, but you do not protest or refuse everything on that list despite it limiting your freedom.By the argument of many, forcing citizens to get a license to drive or forcing them to wear a seatbelt is a slippery slope that will involve eventually having to vaccinate their kids.It's funny and frustrating. You guys are honestly just too stupid to even understand why you're wrong. It's like I'm talking to black people.
Vaccines are a difficult concept for retarded hicks because they cannot comprehend that they are working BECAUSE nothing is happening to them. Therefore they must be pointless and full of microchips and poison that is making them poor and stupid. These are the same people that will smoke cigarettes until they develope cancer and THEN realize they should stop. These are the people that don't understand that their actions can have consequences down the line. These are the same people that live day by day and have no long term plans. They are fucking retarded and there is no help for them. Only thing you can do is hope their children will be brought up better.
the right wing who want to kill off all of the old and infirm including their parentsNiggerfaggot the left is the base that supports abortion and euthanasia. You're a fucking retarded hypocrite cock chugging slope headed faggot.
Protip: Masks dont stop coronavirus. It isnt a matter of health its a matter of common sense.
Most old people probably contribute more to society than you do. If your argument is based on some kind of merit of "usefulness to society", almost everyone posting on this board would be executed you stupid fuck. You should off yourself right now by your own logic. Or at least promise me you'll kill yourself at  before you get too old. Be the change you want.Also, make sure to give your parents a ring and let them know you think they should be killed for not being beneficial to society. As well as the parents of any friends you have. But let's be honest, you probably have nobody, because you're a rotten basement dwelling goblin.
% survival rateJust like the fluKYS
These same people wont wear masks because they haven't personally seen the effects of covid- on the human body. Therefore it must be a hoax. Then Larry Shitpants, , TX, gets it and is coughing in a facebook post saying he was a fucking dumbass for not following the guidelines.
Yeah but those stupid costumes government mandated like cloths over your face or bandanas are pointless. Prior to March  look up the research on masks and its effectiveness. Only N masks are effective. But people have such short memories due to information overload that they forget. There is a reason why N are still nowhere to be found. So by me wearing a stupid bandana im not protecting anyone but myself perhaps from facial recognition. Also wearing masks lowers you oxygen supply. So gov can fuck off with their mandates, we will sue them in every county.
A society that cares for the weak is a frail society. Throw the old and the weak to the lions.
Is someone tallying how many times this nigger posts this same thing?
Protip: your opinion on how useful it is is irrelevant. Every health professional in the United States of note recommends wearing a mask and keeping  feet of distance between you and others during the pandemic. It also doesn't need to stop Coronavirus completely, it only needs to make it less risky, which according to professionals, it does. You are not an expert on viruses despite your awesome google searches, and your opinions on the matter are worth nothing. You are potentially endangering the health of other citizens by not wearing a mask, so your decision to not wear one is affecting others. If it were only affecting you, nobody would care.It is common sense that you would be courteous to other citizens and wear a mask given that mainstream medical science says wearing one is beneficial, and that common sense should tell you that it's completely understandable why people would find you to be a selfish, arrogant moron for not wearing one. Your personal opinions on mask efficacy don't even factor into this decision.
Ok but I'm still not wearing a mask.

Then we should throw you to the lions. Remember to kill yourself and be the change you believe in, because your weak existence is an affront to a strong society.Don't worry, I had this same edgy philosophy when I was  too. You'll eventually grow out of it when you realize how retarded it is and how societies actually work.
wanting to get Chinese bioweapon in lungsOk
 cope, seethe, and dilatein that order
RED ALERT!!!!
It sounded like artillery
Neat you live in a nigger shitholeMove away
imagine living in oakland
That's my fart
That was just me taking my morning shit. Oakland just flew over my house.
He might be one.
Maryland?
OaklandProbably best to let that place blow up.
Good.
there are people in Oakland who post on /pol/
pic OP as the FEDs blows up his neighborhood
is that unusual
Power. Stunning. Brave.
jesus fucking christ, people are still protesting there?
peopleNice try, Finnish shlomo.
after about  nights of violence it occurred to them that maybe actually protesting peacefully might be better optics for them
Don't these people ever get bored?
peopleprotestingCommunists.Rioting.
Imagine loving niggers that much.
Well they are better than whites so why not?
Reminder that Portland is % white.
Hilarious how we went from "/" and "London bus bombings" to huge crowds of people.God, why are people so fucking dumb. Sheep.
they're paid by soros
/ptg/ PRESIDENT TRUMP GENERAL - NO MASK NEEDED EDITION
new baker needed please
Make white babies! No Kpop Slags!
press C to make Biden catch the Coof
MAGA votes on ballot questions & Senate primariesAlways vote Republican!Aug. :MO A: NOKS: KobachAZ: McCarthy Aug. : TN: Hagerty Aug. : MN: LewisAug. : WY: Lummis Sep. : MA: AyyaduraiSep. : NH: MessnerSep. : DE: WitzkeNov. :AL: Jud.R.: No; New Const.: No; Citizenship req.: YES; Jud. Vac.: noAK: Electoral reform: no; Tax Incs.: NoAR: Optometry: Yes; TermLimits: Yes; Referenda: Yes; TP sales tax: NoCA: Crime sentencing: YES; Property tax refs.: No; Abolish bail: NO; Rent control: NO; App-based Drivers: No (Fuck SV); Dialysis: No; Stem Cell R.: NO; CCPA: No; Repeal : NO; Parolee&YO voting: NOCO: W Abortion Ban: YES; Citizen Req.: YES; Gray wolves: No; NPVIC: No; Bingo&Raffles: Yes; tax incs.: NoFL: YES, NO, NO, yes, Yes, YesGA: Rev. Ded.: Yes; Dec. Rel.: No; CollinsID: NE/yesIL: NOIA: NOKY: Marsy's law: YES; Offices: NE/noLA: No Right to Abortion: YES; Disaster Budget Stabilization: Yes; Payment in lieu of taxes: YES; Oil/gas in property value: Yes; Change spending limit: NO; Homestead Exemption: YES; UCP Trust Fund: Yes; Sports betting: No; MurphyMA: NOMD: All NoMI: Park Funds: Yes; Data warrants: NoMS: I/AA: NO/A; flag: NO; EV: NoMO: A: NE/no; A: YESMT: LR-: YES; C-/: NE/noNE: End Slavery: NO; TIF: YESNV: ALL NONJ: Weed: NO; Vet. Ded.: YESNM: NO, YES, NO, NO, NONY: NOND: YesOK : YesOR: ALL NO; also: http://stoptheabuse-recallkatebrown.org/RI: NOSD: NO UT: Mun. Water: Yes; Legis. Qual.: No; End Slavery as Punishment: NO; Gender-Neutral Lang.: NO; Legis. start date: No; Right to hunt: YES; Kid welfare: NOVA: Redr. Com.: Yes; Vet. Tax Ex.: YESWA: : NO; FMLIALTCSSTA: YesPR Statehood: NO/boycottAnd remember: Contraception = treason.
UFO UAP Flying Saucer Linticular Craft SSP Solar Warden Earth Defense Force Space Force USN USAF USMC ICC
Sorry I wasted your time with this last thread. Dude is crazy. Christians are a minoritythat means you have to fight for your rights  in court where it's already lost twice. Wew lad. Monkey mainframe is short circuiting.
What a mess
THEY TRIED TO WARN US
The New UFO conspiracy theory
AWOO
You're missing the point of what the difference between a publisher and a platform are, as well as conflating businesses with forums.A publisher posts their own opinion and is therefore subject to extra scrutiny while a platform allows users to speak and it is accepted that what is said is not the opinion of the hosts.Twitter et. al have repeatedly violated this distinction by pretending to be a platform while curating content in the manner of a publisher.As to your other musings: Legally speaking businesses are considered private establishments and can kick people out for any or no reason and can dictate policies such as 'no recording' while in complete accordance with the first, second, and fourth amendments and may be a necessary means of ensuring them.
i will bake it
AWOO
fuck off project bluebeam
You're right, what a terrible shit grainy picture. Here's the clean version of it.
based Bantam Books
This privilege is a real thingLmaoHe's right though.
Night, frens :)
Night
are you a shill?
I drew a patriot Asuka, but I won't post it bc u guys will make fun of me again :(
dude this platform vs publisher bullshit is just modern terminology it doesnt mean anythingyou cant give corporations certain rights depending on what they pick to bethey either allow free speech or they should be shut down for breaking the first amendmentbanning people for no reason other than you dont like their politics should be illegal.Legally speaking businesses are considered private establishments and can kick people out for any or no reason and can dictate policies such as 'no recording' while in complete accordance with the first, second, and fourth amendments and may be a necessary means of ensuring them.legally speaking doesnt matter because its a wrong interpretation if you were right and were supposed to grant private property owners full control of speech then why cant private property owners create their own laws and stop paying taxesafter all theyre on their property who can tell them theyre wrongcan they also murder and kill on their propertywhy do you apply free speech to the sidewalks on public property but not private property
Is he? The only way this works is if everyone has the money to fight the charges.In a blue state, I have no chance of beating any charges for lockdown compliance. Especially when SCOTUS has said twice, hey, get fucked.So I get class privilege?
NIGHTLY PORTLAND RIOT LIVESTREAMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idtxSdUfk



But he is right though.
notice the I G E R letters on the walllook left hoping to see our old friend "N"
After the last + years of the Trump presidency I now hate Republicans just as much as I hate Democrats. I went from disagreeing with the US government and the political parties to just simply hating them. I can not long honestly support any part of the US government because I just simply hate it too much to want to see either side succeed
oh no no no no no
why do you need guns? just call the police
Speculative briefings as a mental exercise. Imagine being a tinfoilnigger.
i think its funny that i have this sticker on my file cabinet next to me but i am also against defunding the police
why do you need police? just buy a gun
Goodnight asukaleaf.I think Im gonna call it a night as well.See you bros tomorrow.
how does she hide that man jaw?
we're going to send the police in to seize your guns
but why are all the other planets such shit.
why do you need police and guns, just expel non-whites
America is a constitutional republic, without the "rule of law" we are nothing.The social media fags are violating the rule of law and the constitution, and bragging about it while they do it.What they are doing is TREASON to the Republic!(((they))) all need to hang for TREASON!!!!!Public executions!
Don't worry fren, post it. . That's just a temporary order. . It's illegal to burn buildings but the blue state governments don't care. . Kavanaugh is completely right.
ywn find a woman with this body outside of anime
Is this big?
nn fgt
Smooth brain hominid.
Same. I want every politician in this country in Gitmo and Trump to become absolute monarch of America. Democracy is a failed experiment.
I thinks it's funny I don't have any stickers on my file cabinet. But I'm also for defunding the police
Yes.
it's nice but it's way off from what's truly important right now
nn fgt ngr
if everyone has the money to fight the charges.The problem is the sensibilities of Christians. Why do all the Antifa militants get "released" and why do all their charges get "dropped?" Because the ACLU rolls into town and threatens to sue everyone, forever. The cities and states can't survive the lawfare (and most are on their side to begin with) so they just dump the domestic terrorists back on the streets.Christians don't do that, they don't band together with a 'us versus them' mentality. By their very nature they would reject the idea of having a legal defense team dedicated to lawfare against anyone that dares accuse a Christian of anything. And so they make for easy victims, punish them and they basically ask for more.
Interesting point there. However, still voting for Biden
we were never supposed to be a democracy
u guys will make fun of meMake fun of a canadian?
jej lmfao
Article IVSection "The United States shall guarantee to every State in this Union a Republican Form of Government, and shall protect each of them against Invasion; and on Application of the Legislature, or of the Executive (when the Legislature cannot be convened) against domestic Violence."OH NO NO NO NO
punish them and they basically ask for more.like their god
Yeah, that was my point. Many Christians think earthly suffering makes them more "Jesus like," because they focus too much on the crucifixion and not on the 'flipping tables and whipping' parts.
Why the hell are there circles if the circles are themselves not touching each other? Make the circles larger and do a proper hexagon pattern.
No, we were never supposed to be a monarchy. Our representatives are still elected through democracy.
what's the point in this? it's all press
YUUUUGE, it kicks the Medical Industrial Comlex squarely in the nuts and it's the MIC that's pushing this china plague BS and has been hiding cures, therapies etc for generations. Fucking them in hte arse is a good thing.
Jews are not for whip
Lmfao this is the rally format they think people are so fucking retarded they will buy its just because corana the place isn't slammed. Good luck. jej
monarchywhat the fuck are you talking about? are we a monarchy now? and at the very least the senate wasn't supposed to be elected by the populacethe founders very vehemently fucking hated the idea of democracy and universal suffrage
they are for gas
Someone with shoop skills should fix that misspelling.
No
So I guess portland and Seattle didn't burn Down last night ? I fell asleep
earthly suffering is noble
id take a monarchy over communism and the third world. any time, any day, any situation.
does the st amendment say "you shall have free speech ... ONLY ON PUBLIC SIDEWALKS!"walmart and target? hell no. theyll throw your ass out the door. their profits are too important to defend human rights.
are we a monarchy now?I certainly wish we were.
KEEP YOUR GUNS!!!!!Defund Police and this is what America is going to look like.
Funny how private corporations aren't allowed to violate the th amendment, but are encouraged to violate the first.
MIGA MIGA MIGA
GLOMPBLERNKFOMGALD RRUMPF
How many shekels do you get paid per post?
. yuan
http://nnlf-.eecg.toronto.edu/sicherheitsglaeser/
thats what im saying man americans are little hypocrite little fuck faces i get banned daily on the asshole of the internet for god knows whati said something that wasnt "on topic enough" for the moderatorits like were less free than ever before
Looks like its sausage egg cheese. Muffin for breakfast. Large powerade and whiskey for breakfast

White Genocide-- Which side are the police on?
asshole of the internet this describes/pol/Pretty well desu lmao
trump lowers drug pricesstill won't save your polls or this thread trump (can't believe these threads still exists desu). If your plan is to make it seem you're the reason the vaccine for covid is free, you're wrong bucko.
name drops a bunch of imaginary evil raycis organizations from the TV to get liberals to agreethe emphasis was actually on "other hate groups" which primarily consist of anti-white thugs
I slept for  hours , feel pretty alright now.  hours is pretty good

imagine having to shill against lower drug prices lmao

Well nothing but lo w energy faggots here, I guess I'll try and grab a few more hours of sleep then
did Trump do it?yesthen it's wrong.noit's right, why doesn't Trump do this?
He's making powerful enemies just before the elections.
the police are an assortment of americanos, ogros de la americas, el goblinos and fat black women: what do you think?
this entire post is gibberish you stupid spic
they want to prevent free transmission of thoughtsyoutube has like a whole way of pushing whatever they want you to seeand then removing conspiracy videos and anything against coronavirus denialism or anything flat earth just gone from the searchwere entering into a dark ageand not many people will even know whats happening before its too late and youll start to believe what youre being told because youll have no way of viewing the alternative edgy counter theories
it's literally red bull, non-pozzed white men and goya beans vs everybody else man

trump is trying to get the boomer vote back after killing thousands of them. $. advil tablets won't save trump.
imagine how funny it must have been watching jews do manual labor back in egypt

retard alert lmao
and goya beansDon't forget the pillows.
when will Mitch and company get their shit together and extend my unemployment?
elected through democracy.You are allowed to vote for either the illuminati member that registered as a democrat, or the illuminati member that registered as a republican.The system is broken.It needs to be repaired.With a lot of hemp rope.
are you joking?youtube is full of conspiracy videos and flat earth bullshitif the earth were flat the navigators of ancient ships would not have been able to use the astrolabe
BLERNKLERMPSOGMALT.. LERNCHK
jews are not for whip!jews are for oven.
woops i meant to say coronavirus denialism will get you banned on youtubelike david ickebecause they need to keep pushing their fake virusnpc detectedits a fact youtube used to have everything now they only show you specific things when you search flat earthit will only show you anti flat earth science because they believe conspiracies are unhealthy when you call me schizo youre proving that youre on the side of google and youtubedo what i just saidtype flat earthyou will get nothing but mocking flat earth and showing us "the true science" or globe earthall the old pro flat earth documentaries are swept to invisible status
Why yes I would like to Make Isreal Go Away how did you know scholmo
almost all of them just want a fucking paycheck
EPICLY control of the information means we al l get on the same wave my brotherFinally the ghost of black people will rest easy when we implement our racially egalitarian south africa styled government epicly
yes whips are for....
Big Pharma's pouting about it so probably.
earthly suffering is nobleVoluntary suffering is retarded. Just turn the other cheek and die!
Like the black nobility the idiots have in england?
Make Isreal Go Away
Trump says wear the mask, I wear the mask.Trump says take the vaccination, I take the vaccination.Trump says he needs my vote, he's got my vote.I would die for this man. I would cut off my balls just to have a beer with him. I would do anything for him.If you don't agree, you're not a true American.Repost if you agree
What if he told you to vote Biden?
Hope not, fucking lazy nggr
theyre close to the mark of the beast coming out with that vaccinationso u better listen to the bibletrump might as well be satan if he backs the mandatory vaccination coming out
You would like Israel to go away so you support the most pro-Israel president in American history? Can you explain how that works?
He doesn't drink beer dip shit
lower drug pricesLowering the price of prescription drugs is anti-semitic.
This + imagine how bad chan would be if we actually didn't ban retards who spam off-topic bullshit every thread
Is it just me or do fox youtube videos get lots of views now?
FEDS CLEARING THE STREETSNIGHTLY PORTLAND RIOT LIVESTREAMhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=idtxSdUfk
Hey guys when is the next trump rally?
trump didnt lower the price of insulin he made the copay for people on medicare cheaperinsulin is still like $ per vial on the markethe needs to remove patent laws so companies cant charge whatever they want and ban insurance schemes which hike the rates of everything
Typical jew cant even deny it
Jesus. Portland sucks
kino
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH
It works when BLERMPF reveals his master plan epicly He is the most evil right wing man that has EVER existed and we will never let that th century event hoppen ageinGot a problem? Problem pour vous?GLERNK will never betray his epic social nation base... we stand....together
imagine how funny it must have been watching jews do manual labor back in egyptAnd in Hitler's prison work camp network!Oh the kavetching!
I'll just write an executive order that declares all this debt owed to these private banks is null and voidwhat, I don't have the authority to do that? well, that sucks, sorry bros, maybe if you vote for me in  I'll try again ;^)
Bros. I would like to point out. It’s Saturday.
U r a parasiteJONKF would deal..... with u
And then he would saythat problem is (you) you mapple faggot, now make it go away PERMANENTLY
has been all day.

JONGFf-P
flat earth bullshit*jewish bullshitThe entire flat earth stuff is a jewish troll tactic to derail any conversation.So is the jewish "never went to the moon" tactic.This world would be so great if every single jew was already gone!
trump also needs to ban the idea that i need a doctors prescription to get drugsi should be able to buy insulin and anything else OTCxanax whateverwhat am i a slave? i need a doctor to tell me what i can buythat sounds like medical tyranny. i need permission??? LOL america
most pro-Israel president in American history. IQ detectedstop eating paste you retard faggot nigger
This
YouTube has epicly become like the mainstream media to touch the hearts of the masses..... not to worry... kid... we hav a plon.. glerg is on the case and has assured the population that he has posted on bird sound text website
If anything flat earth is based as fuck
retard alert
DrumpfDid u mean.. NLERMP
Earth is flat and your brain is smooth
hundred of thousandsHahaha
K bootlicker retard faggot
PMURT
lmao retard alert
Flat earth is all about saying fuck you to the know it all liberal academics and jewish media
The other planets down have people, which is nice.
its flat in the torah.
implying jews actually believe anything
Do you want "Opioid Crisis Part II"? That's a horrible idea.
just pointing it out.
Oy vey
no government should dictate what i do with my mind as long as the mind is aryan
yeah. id take literal satanist pedophile monarchs over blacks and communism. to me south africa is worse than anything i've seen in britain.
Taking the jewish drugs is retarded!They all destroy your liver or kidneys.The natural supplements work better, are cheaper, and help you to live longer.
It won't hurt him but it'll be good for a laugh.C
It's a pretty big deal among normalfags that are left leaning.
The symbol for that app also looks like masonry
What a surprise.
ive never done coke in my life and still wouldnt do it if someone offered me it for freewhy would i start doing coke if they made it legal to sell iti aint using it for free and i certainly aint paying for iti know but people have to come to that conclusion themselvesi didnt say these drugs were good but that the market should be free and open
Act.IL is a social networking mobile app launched in June  that can be used on Apple products such as iPhone, iPad, and iPod touch or on devices using Android.[] It is used by supporters of Israel to oppose anti-Israel content such as that promoted by anti-Israeli organizations such as the boycott, divestment and sanctions movement (BDS).[][][]Act.IL is a joint project of the private Israeli university IDC Herzliya and the U.S.-based Israeli-American Council. The Maccabee Task Force, one of Sheldon Adelson's foundations, is a major funder of Act.IL.[] The organization behind Act.IL is staffed by former intelligence officers and has a collegial relationship with the Israeli Intelligence Community. It has a close relationship with Israel's Ministry of Strategic Affairs which combats BDS and other strategic threats.[]
hmmmm could this be used for....
LeslieLeslie come here
renames a high schoolspikes the ballfucking pathetic
we changed a namethinks it cant be changed again.
south africa is worse than anything i've seen in britain.South Africa is what is happening in england right now, give it some more time and they will have "farm murders" in downtown londonstan.
Flat earth is all about saying fuck you to the know it all liberal academics and jewish mediaCorrect. About as rational as denying the holocaust, thinking the Protocols of the Elders of Zion are genuine, / was an inside job by the Government, Sandy Hook shooting a false flag to take your guns away, Hillary Clinton is the head of a global cabal of elite pedophiles, G a globalist conspiracy to control the masses with microchips, the coronavirus a hoax by Bill Gates to vaccinate the chips into people.*More people on /pol/ believe in these than in human decency.
Is America's subservience to Israel a good thing?
thats cuz ur from finland and you dont even understand the context and precedent for all these "conspiracy theories"its like living in your own little peaceful colorful wonder world of beauty and looking at america from afar and wondering why you would question anything life is greatwell for us weve been under attack for decades by our own government and media
it would seem nowhere is safe from these people
I wonder if the filthy American government will believe my story about being remotely manipulated now?These fuckers can move your body around as if it were their own, like controlling an RC car and likely perceive as you do.
More people on /pol/ believe in these than in human decency.(and that's a good thing)
Calling into work because of your skin color.They are letting them get away with murder. You know they are being paid while off work too
this is a catewich
right wing israel is OKwealthy left wing american jews on twitter are degenerate communists with no values. all of pol's antisemitism aside from some lunatics comes from wealthy urban leftist jews kvetching on twitter like pic related
Blacks score x higher than whites on narcissistic personality disorder tests.
thats cuz ur from finlandHe's from israel, and he should exercise his right of return and stay there!
human decencylook around the world and come back and tell me this isn't a peculiar thing that is uncommon
how come trump keeps going down in the MSM election polls but his approval rating keeps going up
That’s bretty good mate. You have anymore?
makes sense when you think about how they are .% of the population and expect the entire country to revolve around them
Wow. I hate the Atlantic. War is not the left’s strong suit. They only put up with them in far left areas.
They are only acting like this because it works. People keep giving them shit, so they keep stamping their feet like children.
guess the gestapo cannot beat a bunch of basedboys
a couple
voting is a hoax why the fuck would you let blacks and women vote it doesnt even make senseits a mathematical fact that if you let them vote theyll vote to destroy the country % of the timeits like playing against a  year old in a video gametheyll be like shooting the sky and trying to aim right but their brain just wont put the connections together while youre jumping all around them and playing them like a fiddlethe idea of voting is a hoax
What's the deal with this schizophrenic reddit spacing chink avatarfag? I've seen him play both sides shitposting nonstop on /ptg/ for God knows how long.
This is bait.
War is not the left’s strong suit.They're gonna fucking find this out in November
caturday morning slow af
he bumps the thread for us
Trump  MORE YEARS!
Not like we need him to. This party's /
PURPLE REVOLUTION
% OP. This is % a carbon copy of every color revolution attempt that happened in other nations under Obama's Admin.
Purple is a color associated with royalty, going back millennia Anon.They subliminally advertising their perceived statusThese people are not to be trusted under any circumstances
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FFEsFGS-trump isnt your friend...
red and blue are also colors
BLM is just like all other 'colour revolutions.Pakistan ISI involved
Don’t care still voting for trump tranny jannie
Possibly.More simple explanation is COVID + BLM were a convenient way of cleaning out blue state/city budget deficits. COVID/school closures breaks the teachers unions, BLM breaks the police unions. Two birds, one stone effectively.Trump is no substantive threat to the elite agenda.
Good catch
I get the feeling Bill Clinton isn't mentally there anymore.
t. Machiavelli
thats because purple dye was very hard and expensive to make, so only royalty could screw the peons enough to have it on command.sounds familiar? the common man should despise anyone who deems to robe themselves in purple, because it signifies your slavery not their superiority
Trump released the virus dum dum
Pretty close anon. The color is BLACK.
Yes, the Soros color revolution is exactly like what happened in Ukraine, the only difference is that in this instance the patriotic types aren't taking the bait. The antifa useful idiots are too weak to fight the police so they need to convince the "patriotic military veteran constitutionalist" types to attack the police. This outcome is achieved by getting the "patriotic military veteran" types to come out and counter protest the antifas, upon which the police will proceed be instructed by their superiors to unfairly arrest only the patriotic militia veteran types. The "boogaloo boys", "proud boys" type psy op stemmed from this need. The fact that Americans have not yet done so means that their attempted color revolution is failing, but they are currently trying and they will continue to to work toward this objective over the next few months toward the election.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BSfTXaqoo"I remember when I was back in special forces... seems like a thousand lifetimes ago..."
Makes no fucking sense. Then why did he fuck up the response so badly?He tanked his own economy, and then failed to rally his own party to provide necessary social safety nets? If he loses, probably the single greatest reason will be unemployment + anaemic government assistance.HRC + CIA + China were the more likely culprits, for many diverse reasons. Pqning Trump was maybe a minimal one.
The Antifa and BLM are just one arm of it, but it's also associated with "rainbow" for LGBT which is why some people are calling them the "rainbow reds" because all the useful idiots from LGBT share overlap with the antifa and BLM crowd. It's all the same useful idiot crowd.
it's not going to work. im not a low IQ eastern european (sorry frens, it's due to your alcoholism) and can read history.
Seriously, why would anyone join the military?
probably family reasons, wanting to kill people legally, or wanting that pension
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life overHow many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?
im planning on joining this year, so I can do private contracting. my friend does and hes making bank, like $ a day when hes deployed.
Combat roles are competitive as fuck. Right now is a great time to join.
Join the military so that you can end up homeless and living illegally in a garage five years later while your govt fills the country with those you spent your time trying to kill.
doesn't see any proslists a couple pros
Honor.A thing OP knows nothing about because he is a communist faggot.
Thank me for my service
How many percent of murrican golems actually see live combat or participate in it?Can't imagine there's too many nowadays.
dying for israelhonorPick one.
Some of us really need to kill people
When you love and believe in your country and want to defend it from the evil that looks to destroy it
Already in fighting shape. By the time he catches the next IED he will finally be ready to serve the machine spirit indefinitely, along with Israel.
If you're getting blown up or having PTSD you're probably a dumbass and not going anywhere in life anyway. In this case, you're better off taking the risk to obtain the pros you listed. Otherwise score a + on your ASVAB(not difficult) and join the AF or Coast Guard. It'd probably do you good since you sound like a total pussy
inb "money for school" or "free healthcare for life." our veterans litetally get none of those things unless they go to uni, which means they sign a longer contract, in fact our veterans get fuck all after they leave, and the government is wondering why so many kill themselves. I don't even wear my medals any more or mention that I deployed to anyone.you do get to do some fun things in the military, it opens you to hobbies you never would've looked at, and meet people you form strong bonds with over shared experiences. You will never connect with a civilian as much as the people you're in the military with, plus it can put your head on right quicker than if you try to figure shit out on tour own.
I have autism. The rules and order are amazing.
GI bill. Serve for a couple of years then go to Japan to learn Japanese and the government will pay for your college, housing, and food.
Not everyone in the military is B infantry... many do jobs that don’t get them close to combat. Literal retards are who they stick in B. If you are smart, and don’t volunteer for b.. you will get some other job.
During peacetime its decent b/c of the compensation and relatively low risk.During wartime it's more for existential reasons. If nobody fights the country dies. Its out of a moral sense of duty to protect ones integrity.If China declared war on the US with the idea of annexing it, would you be okay with becoming Chinese or at that point would you rather die fighting?
Two shitty pros along with two extreme cons.
In many cases its misdirected energy. Like I get that young men need to prove themselves and chase something, its natural. But voluntarily running the establishments/Israels errands is wrong (unless you truly are defending your country, which the US is not).Other times its lack of choice. Can't blame someone for wanting to eat, but imo you are obliged to get out as soon as you can.
It's really mostly about the benefits, that's literally the only reason why people join. They do it to escape homelessness/starvation or because of no opportunities to make money.
literal retard scored so high on ASVAB only a handful of jobs weren't availablejoined Infantry because my love for the God of WarNo regrets.
When you join the Army you get to choose your M.O.S which essentially means if you're not trying to see combat you can decide to be a pencil pusher or mechanic or something. And for the first few months when you're in training you essentially get paid to learn skills that would cost k to learn anywhere else. Put up with basic training to be an accountant on some military base in an ally nation like japan for free college, healthcare for life etc. I used to be very anti military but now as job and education prospects are all but evaporated for white males, the military is one of the last havens for white people to make an unpozzed living
buys a shitload of gear for "the boogaloo"has an entire armory of gunstalks about killing communists in the streetsmocks anyone who bothers to try and get any kind of experience in the military for these thingsGod i hate normalfaggots
This. Really enjoyed how structured and planned everything was.
When you are farmer picking up your gun to defend your country against invaders. Sure. Like the finns did.The offensive wars that the US/Israel fight in pursuit of political objectives/resources is a different story. No honor in being a mercenary. I mean its a job but has nothing to do with that flagwaving freedom bullshit you see on Netflix.
If China declares war on us it would be because of idiotic policy or actions by the president. I'm not gonna die because some dumb asses voted in an imbecile who antagonizes the world into attacked the united states.
benefitsget to actually shoot and take apart a Full auto M or Mfree flight trainingtfw I kind of want an adventure and war buddiesI ain't joining till I finish college
join the AF or Coast Guard
It depends on your job. You can easily get a job where you never see a battlefield, if you're smarter.
What else is there to do?
to have access to material and able bodies for a Putsch?
the true purpose to joining the military is to get gibs and gaining cognitive dissonance knowing that you overthrew govts of the first christian nations on earth for wahabi puppet govts.
PTSD isn't that bad. I got do a lot of cool shit and see a lot of action. It was like being in a movie.
lol why do burgers put retarded people in the military. Meat shield?
CHIVALRYTHE WARRIOR CODE. Is the notion of these traits really gone? THAT IS THE REASON WHY YOU DUMBFUCKS. It's a mentality that many simply do not possess.It is a code of honor, bravery, integrity, kindness and a sense of duty.
Get paid to blow up brown people and fuck brown hookersGet a free education out of it while Libcucks are going into debt to get theirs.Get a bunch of benefits when you leave and get a pension. Sounds pretty based. My mothers side of the family are mostly military men and they have done pretty well.
go to Japan to learn JapaneseOh wow...sign me up. How else would I ever be able to learn to speak Japanese...
Educate yourself. And no that does not mean being a soft nerd, if you are scared that your manlihood will be challenged.
Jew rats serve  years boot military in Israel then serve Mossad until  years old in a host countries, where they was born. like in cocos-nest. its like X bigger the CIA Jew rats have infiltrated public office mas media bookkeeping office turned in to Bank where they steel money with paper trade excuse purge Jews lie and usury, if you just could keep ti the truth by yourself no merchant ever fool you. Would you take advantage of some one who weaker then you ? That's why Jew rats work in the gang play both sides.
https://skribbl.io/?dBwOyuDJjyjoin
As a nationalist and a populist I really, really feel the need to become a soldier.But war is just a business for Schlomo so that immediately turns me off. Dying in an actual culture war, fighting for a national socialist country, well, that would be favorable to surviving a schlomo gets all the money war.
Remember all those people that died for their country?AHAHAHHAHAHAAHAHAHAH!!
Dude our military is owned by international globohomo.
Free education, I don't have to go out and find a job, I might get shot. All pros to me
why would anyone join the military?There are still a lot of sexual confused people out there right now which have always been the types that sign up to be shouted at by other sexually confused people.
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over.that happens mainly to the infantry.Infantry is like % of the Army.If someone would join the Airforce/Navy these problems dont occur.One could also join the part of the Army that is in the rear.The military in western countries is only good for gibs and training and its the easiest way to get them.Even as a reservist its pretty comfy and relativly well paid.
I've heard that excuse before. You would literally make more money pumping gas, or even more going off to go work at a farm.
Just got out, talk about a cesspool of circle-jerking and degeneracy.Minorities normally favor other minorties for evals, women sleep with their supervisors to get better evals and avoid doing legitimate work, trainings are catered towards 'acceptance' and 'diversity'.Unless you want years of experience in a job with a clearance of some sort, don't even bother.
The only con i see, is to support a degenerate society full of lefties back home.
it aint so bad tbhfamalam
Exactly. I don't see how one does not ask the pretty basic question of WHAT are we fighting for, before becoming a golem for establishment
How else would I ever be able to learn to speak Japanese...He doesn't want a several year long vacation to practically any country worth visiting and paid for by the government
In all legitimacy, I've been considering looking into joining the US Space Force. Although I don't know how much I could handle something like Boot Camp.
Learning how to kill people.
Better yet, they don't like people asking questions period. Which just makes people really have no desire to actually perform well when they don't know why they're doing it in the first place.The first thing my officer told me was "Hey look, I know you went to college and you're used to thinking.... well, I need you to not think cause that's my job now and I need you to do what I ask because that's what you're role is an enlisted. I don't want any arguments or anything"Real inspiring.
This niggas never been poor or had his back to a wall. Those are excuses and good enough cause I wouldn't of seen a college classroom otherwise. No work around here, no money to escape, no future. I disagree with the only way being out of shit like this being a fucking hired bullet sponge and apparently, a constitution ripper now too.
You should ask those questions to yourself before you enlist though. I get that a soldier has to do what he's told when he is there, otherwise the organisation doesn't work.
It's not the same joining as a simple soldier than studying to be an officer
yes. The military industrial complex wants warfare. yes. our leaders have led the military into stupid ass wars where men died for the joos.Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa. You should thank them and join the fight.t
work hours a day  days a week making minimum wage in some major city barely making ends meet , barely able to provide for familyvshave virtually everything paid for me , family free to live on base and children go to on base school, work  days a week(varies by mos/rate) stand a duty day once in a blue moon and party in respective cities I get stationed or ported in I mean just don't join the marines or army if you are so scared of dying via stereotypical means, they are called "mission essential" for a reason
military is obligatory for joining policepolice is ultimately privileged in your third world countryFor profit, of course.
Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa.I thought those were already inside the US though. Some of which run rampant on your streets, while encouraged by your ((media)).
Officer's don't know dick besides how his CO's cock is sucked. Better yet, they don't know the real job responsibilities of the enlisted. If some officer fresh out of the academy with literally minimal knowledge gives you a task that does not make sense cause 'Muh CO', it's completely reasonable to totally question wtf is going on.The organization fails if there's no understanding on what or why you're following orders or how your part fits the big picture.
Still at the end of the day the military is the only thing standing between you and the hordes of communist chinks, sub human muslims and flocks of niggers from Africa. Their doing a piss poor job then. All of which you named are already in the country and the military is doing nothing to stop it.
You would literally make more money pumping gasi doubt if you take health, pension and other benefits into the equation.The other point is that you dont have to work most of the time.
vacationHave you never been on a vacation?
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over. Translation:I am a pussyeven benefits can't overcome how much of a pussy I amPathetic.
You tell me what THE FUCK servicemen got out of Vietnam, Afghanistan, and Iraq. And I mean literally the person who signed up and then was discharged from their duties. What the hell did they come back with that could be labeled as being an improvement in their lives?Mind you, we lost all of those wars.
Yeah. You dont think people go on vacation to learn a language?
And I mean literally the person who signed up and then was discharged from their duties.Some never got a pension and became rambling PTSD homeless.
Depends what you do there, if you get useful skills then its a good thing, I dont think there is an active ground war going on where US grunts are involved in real gunfights
women sleep with their supervisors to get better evalsI mean that's to be expected I would presume. Women at that age (assuming they joined right after high school) are already insecure and vulnerable as fuck. They obviously don't have dads OR have daddy issues, so man, fucking your way up the ladder must be rampant in the military if you're a woman. I have always told friends and people that I've met throughout life to NEVER get with a chick that's been in the military. I mean think about it, would you let YOUR daughter join the military? What kind of loser piece of shit father would just deliver his daughter into what is essentially going to be a fuck/rape-fest hellhole for several years?
Also being a 'student' is one of the easiest ways to get a visa for more than couple of months
Defending our country and loved ones from a potential invasion.Peace keeping missions.
They believed they were serving their country with honour.It was misguided but their honour and patriotism is still commendable.
Having a job after you get out is one. If you can get one. I've met a lot of vets who have really shitty jobs or no job. I would do it but I have a medical condition that you wouldn't even know but it's on my permanent record and they will find it. It sucks cause it wouldn't impede my duties whatsoever but they just assume e everyone who has it can't function in society. I'm not a patriot anyway like I fucking hate America so maybe it's for the better. Would pick Europe any day and I've heard they ask you if you think America is the best country in the world and I would say no cause I've actually been outside of America and I'm not a libtard.
this
Oh well I can see why someone like you would join. Thanks for your service, I guess? Better that than prison I suppose.
The army is literally where the lowest dregs of society go in a last ditch effort to be anything respectable. Which is fine, but that American society is expected to bend over to kiss the shoes of someone who spent two years in uniform waiting around a German base is just silly.People who are drafted are respectable, though. I know if I was drafted I'd just ignore every order until I was kicked out.
kek
gibs
For a board so in love with Hitler it is a bit weird how everyone is anti-war apparently
Ignore the invasion of your home and die in a desert instead?
PTSDVirtually every Australian veteran I've met these last thirty years has some form of PTSD from the wars their government involved them in.
GibsWe talking gibs[gibsmedat] nigger money or gibs the little pieces of Iraqi meat that roll about after a nice explosion ?
Unless you're rockin task force orange or green then there is no reason and you's a little bitch.
I know you're British but I have faith you'll figure it out
That's pretty much the purpose of the American military. It gets all right wing fighting age males out of the country so the fucking Jews can destroy it from within. I figured this out in high school. "Look over here, not over here"
Easy moneyFree gymfree heathcaresubsidized housingAccess to firearms and explosiveslive out childhood fantasiesKill peopleParachuteFly expensive and fast aircraftFreed education in some circumstancesAlcoholism encouragedFind me another yo who owns their own car, has no debt and lives in a spacious furnished apartment on his own while paying only % rent. Because thats what an average Australian serviceman gets.
When the time comes you are gonna need military training. Vets are number one group who will be responsible if things actually change.Also you could get a pack of politically motivated bros. See recent elite forces in Germany.
Dying for Jews and doing Israel's dirty work is not honorable.
You can get paid the same doing comfy IT work... but you are either brown or a brainlet
The fact that people say this is good when in reality we should be creating jobs for people who don't worship the government so they can do all of those things listed. But the Jews can't have that now can they. It used to be everyone could afford their own shit at  now only people that work for the government can. Correct me it I'm wrong but that's no different the communism.
You get to kill people and break stuff,while being paid. Feels good, man.
retard gets to have a / wife but I am still alone Anons... please help
from the warsIts actually from being in the ADF. The ADF maks you lose your sanityALCOHOLISM IS WRONG! AND WILL NOT BE TOLERATED!Also ADFYou all have to attend this compulsory BBQ and piss upDATH SYMBOLS ARE BANNED! THEY ARE OFFENSIVEalso ADFLEFT PARY! ON GUARD! BUTT STROKE! SLASH GASH! IN OUT! ON GUARD!WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU LOST YOUR NVG! YOURE GOING TO HOLSWORTHY!Also ADFIf you lose something, TELL US!W treat you like adults so why do you guys fuck up?Also ADFWHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU GOT ON THE PISS ON A FRIDAY NIGHT AFTER YOU WERE KNOCKED OFF! ITS YOUR FAULT WE DIDNT TELL YOU ABOUT THE UNPLANNED RECALL AND DEPLOYMENT TO TULLY ON SATURDAY MORNING!
The military is having record low enlistment numbers despite the ever growing imported population.I guess no one wants to fight for israel and globalhomo anymore.
Youve got two choices dude. Go to uni, rack up debt, work a shitty boring job for  years, pay off a mortgage and climb up the ladder and not be expected to mayeb go to war and gt your legs blown off. ORJoin the military/police and be a civil servant. Get well deserved cushy benefits to motivate you to stay in and when youre not on duty live the high life but accept that one day you may get your nuts blown off. Its always been that way mate.
Not for boomers. And most office jobs are gone now or you have to be a math whiz to get them. I'm basically fucked because I can't do math very well but I'm not allowed in the government because of medical condition that has an extreme stigma attached to it even though you wouldn't even notice it. I was studying to be a lawyer but there are no legal jobs in America any more. No, it was not always like this and saying everyone who doesn't like it should join the government not only doesn't work but sounds very fucking communist to me. I don't see it any other way.
military is obligatory for joining policeNope. In fact when I worked as a policeman for the city of Los Angeles I spoke to a few people that had either worked or presently worked for and were a part of the hiring process for lapd. The main and principal things they looked for in a prospective applicant was: a good work history with positive references, a college degree(or good behavior in high school), a verifiable history of financial responsibility (no debt), and good family references.I brought up military since my brother was in the coast guard, and they told me (every single last one of them) that military and a job history of working security can actually hurt your chances of being hired. It was explained to me that at least now, in the present day, they want goody two-shoes that they can mold from the ground up. When I asked why being in the military could be a disqualifying factor, I was always met with the same response: "They're too aggressive." Oh yeah, and also being a police officer is a shit job by the way. Go ahead and accuse me of "larping," I get it all the time on here when I bring it up, but seriously I just don't understand how anyone could do that job for longer than a few years.
you dont have to work most of the time.You're literally working all of the time.
a good work history with positive references, a college degree(or good behavior in high school), a verifiable history of financial responsibility (no debt), and good family references.So no one whos ever served in a combat unit. WTF do they want a bunch of limp wristed soft cocks engaging violent drug dealers or some hard charging, trained ex soldier badasses?
Sure, I'm scared. I openly admit that. I don't want to go through anything that would leave me both physically and emotionally scarred for life. And neither would you, especially for scraps.
their honour and patriotism is still commendableYes of course, but WHY? Obviously if you get drafted and have no choice then that's a whole other conversation, but the question I'm asking is what is the initial motivation to join? There are WAY more efficient ways to "serve your country" assuming that's all you want to take away from it. For example, you could start charities, volunteer at a hospital, or/and adopt a child that's draining the system of money AND will likely age out of said system to become an even larger burden on society.Those are just some examples. I also recognize, obviously that if people didn't join the military willingly then there would be a draft going on constantly, so yes that's worth commending. I'm not arguing or questioning that. I'm wondering what the motive is for joining willingly in the first place is.
People who are drafted are respectable, thoughI wholeheartedly agree with that, and it's not the point of the thread I started. If you've been drafted then that's a whole other story. I'm asking what the incentive is to join in the first place is, assuming you're not being forced.
To get fitTo have purpose To get discipline
The only reason killing third worlders doesn't exite you is because you've never been around them.
. Effective, free, high quality combat training. Free food, housing, nothing but saving money the entire time if you're responsible and don't buy a charger. Lifelong benefits. Get to shoot at people and not get in trouble for it
You do realize there are many roles that don't involve walking around under the sun being shot at, right?You can learn a trade or learn skills that can be used to civilian or other government jobs outside of the military.Working in the private sector is unironically shithouse in the modern world. You can be fired for a huge number of reasons and you have to work like a dog for shit pay.
What was it like? Seeing as I live in the commonwealth I can easily join the royal marines. Maybe I should
Those are not things worth getting blown up or having PTSD for life over% of military personnel will not see a single shot fired outside of the firing range in their entire service. Yes even american ones.
Thats a / with makeup on. You need to get laid senpai.
Because they are gelded animals, probably.
Because where the fuck else was I gonna get paid decent with bennies....eat like a fucking king....paid vacay...all to man a ma duece . cal on a river boat blasting poor ass  dollar a day mestizo soldiers so we could take over the cocaine trade by force?Plus gunnery school where i learned all about John Browning.....acp and . cal and b.a.r....ballistics...explosives...I mean shit bro...how the fuck could I not?It was the 's. It was either the navy or devry.
How many years required for pension?
WTF do they want a bunch of limp wristed soft cocks engaging violent drug dealersYup!That's why I quit. There's a term called "playing patty cake" that is common among policeman (at least where I worked) and that basically means deescalation without the use of force, and I mean COMPLETE lack of use of force, where basically the department expects you to "just talk" to someone who is wielding a knife at you. They literally want you to just talk them out of it. Obviously before body cams that policy would normally get thrown out the window, but now that the same policy includes mandatory body cams I can tell you that the job is basically impossible to perform safely. They expect officers to play patty cake with some lunatic off his meds running around with a knife? No, I don't think so.
Sounds a lot like welfare+a loophole to getting around an anger management problem to me, and that's even assuming you're placed in a position where you DO shoot people. What if you're not?Why not just get a job and go learn mixed martial arts and join a gun club? By the way, you shouldn't WANT to shoot people. If you needed to be told that last part then you're too fucked up to be a member of society anyway...
It's a great way to get as far away as possible from my lying family of fakes.
My uncle went in the air force after high school. Enlisted man. Did  years and became crew chief of an f-.After he got out, thats when we started selling f's to saudi and other shitholes.My uncle got in the bottom floor of that monkey fuckin as a civilian contractor and made bank.He is about to retire...retire...but from mid -s to now...if you bought fs from America...my uncle was the dude that set up everything but the pilots. Airframe dudes. Avionics. Ordinance. Maintenence. Powerplant. Everything but pilots.I never liked him. He sat there and watched his sister get her ass beat while us kids picked up bats and stopped it. He is a holier than thou spineless pussy married to a kike snake ass lawyer.But he is rich.
Brit/pol/ - No Trannies edition
Free speech row over new hate crime bill in Scotlandwe had the same row here, and a row about the right to self defence and defence of your property. it didn't stop them.
based image.
how many free products have YOU given to are NHS?https://www.dailymail.co.uk/femail/article-/Small-business-owner-reveals-asked-send-free-booze--ambulance-service-workers.html
Surprised no one's talking about Wiley.
Hi bongs
be mewalk to co-opwear a mask to see what its likeinstantly feel the need to sneeze after I put it onafter a few mins I feel short of breath, have to breathe much deeper breaths and focus more on my breathingafter I do this for a min or two my eyes start watering and becoming extremely irritatedsuddenly remember the advice my mother gave to me (qualified biochemist) pre-lockdown"make sure you wash your hands before you touch your mouth, eyes, or ears. especially if you've already touched your mouth"so basically the masks make us need to breath heavily, which irritates our eyes and makes them water which makes them more likely to absorb particulates in the air, exposing us to a higher risk of infection than if we didn't wear masks to begin withyeah, fuck the government, not wearing one again, ever
"Oh Dan-ny boy, the pipes, the pipes are calling"https://twitter.com/ELLOBO/status/
was talked about in a thread last night. not much thoughyou again
Threadly reminder:Chinks vs Mutts - we watch the carnageFuck cuckstianityStop voting ToryBrexit was a mistake
Obvious bait from a eurocuck
They are going to force plastic gloves to shop next.Followed by masks anywhere outside.Keep the fear going.Are you scared by virus? I'm not, though plenty are? Either that of the threat of fines makes them go along with this masked charade
How's the clouds?
Hate speech laws will be put in place to stop native resistence to mass Africanization. Africanization which is occuring and will get more aggressive over the next  years. Bantu Bolshevism.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bIKyAX_tLoLee has awoken.
no tranniessimple as
wiley still going full throttle self-implosion on insta get your top jewish man put im on zoom wiv me, bruv
Next let's make being Muslim a race. If Jews are a race why cant we be a race?
Going bouldering today boisLet’s see how many mask fags there are
morning
Surprised no one's talking about Wileyits in the OP...
jews arent a race though
Guys what are your arguments against mandatory facemasks? I don't support them but I don't feel like I can get my thoughts together about this. It just doesn't "feel" right and I don't "like" it but those aren't good enough reasons really. So, redpill me on this.
jews trending on twittercame herewhats the crack lads
retards still sucking wileys dicklooolliterally amerifat tier brainletsmuh ,mhuhmh ajahdjadh MUH BASED BLACK MANERINO
Morning Bruce
Not bait m, just talking points while i procrastinate
masksm no one cares
the effects of continuous reuptake of carbon dioxide negates the miniscule increase of likelihood of NOT catching covid-.it's more a decision about protecting others rather than yourself. your call.
 Stuggles to wear a mask to the shopsThis is either a larp or you’re a pussy
your call.well, it should have been
tldr black man thinks jews are white
Evening Nigel
They are an ethnic group
There's no "redpoll" it's just a crap way of stopping you catching covid. Masks clearly don't work like that because none of them are properly sealed and the ones that are used by idiots anyway. What they ARE good at doing is helping to stop YOU from spreading it of you're infected by preventing brainlets sneezing everywhere.
boomer comic
boulderingCool man have fun, makes me want to go climbing again.

International dacade for people of African descent. The thinking behind it is to civilize negroes. Not much different from th century missionaries. Talk about flogging a dead horse. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Decade_for_People_of_African_Descent#:~:text=The%International%Decade%for%People,recognition%C%justice%and%development%.
pic rel looks suspicious. it talks of cooperation but that usually means central control and compliance. how can anyone in power be trusted again.
ummm so us europeans cant convert to judaism? stupid retarded pig fucker
its all a psy op to have the public accept compulsory vaccinationsthey've already been arguing for it on this morning
Meanwhile ...
Wouldn't stand a chance against are Fury
I didn't wear one yesterday in Tesco's and I got hit with £ fine.
They will make you wear latex gloves.
prove it
fucking mountain mutts. it annoys me when people use them to back up their "BBBBBBAAAAAAAASSSSED WHITE MUSLIMS" bullshit
islam is haram
Yikes what a low iq take. Did i say judaism was an ethnic group, or that jews were? Kindly off yourself you fucking idiot
Coronavirus is a trick.Masks are to keep the fears alive.The doubt you feel is truth rising against the lies you have been taught since you were a small child.
Whats your point? That you're a retard that touches their face too much? Or that you're a fat cunt who cant breath with a bit of cloth over their face? Or Both?
My hairdressers is telling people not to wear masks as the staff are. Wtf
you seem awefully triggered by someone mentioning jews.why is that?that's not at all what the tweets i've seen said.he also RT'd pic related
then why are there millions of black Jews in nigeria?
Actually had a box pre lock down About £ now £ enough of this shit they want us to wear all this shit they can pay for itBesides we was meant to save the environment last year Now nobody gives a fuck throwing away masks and plastic gloves Guess the normies moved on to blm
th tribe
why is that?because he's a below iq nigger
what have you seen?
source
It's another form of forced compliance and the government doesn't even have to enforce it, the herds of normies will. There were heated arguments in some shops. Mostly middle aged women were berating people for not wearing them.We've seen so many examples in such a short space of time. From snitching on neighbours for having friends round to not clapping hard enough for are nhs to not worshiping niggers. This is just another round of that.
black Jewslol no such thingblacks LARPing as jews is irrelevant. niggers will do whatever their masters command them too. they are a conquered people. true black religion is animism and shamanism etc
Because retard, they Jews are an ethnic group, and Jews are also the name of followers of Judaism. Just like Danes are an ethnic group, and Danes are also not ethnically danish people who have a danish citizenship. A word can mean more than one thing. You can have your blood tested for Jewish ancestry
I lost my job last night thinking of continuing to get pissed at am, thoughts lads?

What I find most funny when this happens is you always get people on the left blaming racist whitey for filling the poor, tiny-brained chimpy-wimpy's head with their hateful misinformation. It's quite damming and shows they really think of black people.
Mandem gettin wise bout dem jew ting innit
Someone red pilled a grime rapper called Wiley on slavery and he chimped out and revealed his power level to soon. I guess the whole BLM thing has made blacks feel untouchable.
Most shoppers did not wear face coverings in May and June and cases/deaths continued to fall. Sainsbury's and Asda are among the retailers who have said they will not penalise customers who fail to wear face masks. See: https://news.sky.com/story/coronavirus-major-supermarkets-refuse-to-enforce-face-mask-rules-despite-police-pleas-
Kek
no way lmao
so corbyn really does hate jews?
/
The amount of face masks I've seen on fields and in hedgerows is disgusting.
This is actually getting massive in the states esp among the hotep/we wuz egyptianz crowd eghttps://wethoughttheywerewhite.tumblr.com/
see
the student has become the master
its from , *someone* on twitter was trying to associate Corbyn with anti-semitismthey never stopfunny tho
It must of been Corbyn who red pilled Wiley.
no you dont understand, and i dont give a fuck how many blacks jews ryou can show me. they are not real jews. because they are black. and the other jews look down on them. they are not jews. they are LARPers.
Masks are to keep the fears alive.Quite the contrary. Completely the opposite. There are people who have been afraid to go past their front doors for months that tentatively "went down the shops" on Friday. The masks are as a walking stick, helping those that have been injured get "out and about". Time, or rather the retail figures, will tell.It will also be interesting to see the "subconscious" effect in cities of not being constantly bombarded by alien faces.
clown worldim staying away
Checked
Will the BBC do this for Hitler? What if Hitler wasn't rejected from art school? Liberal arts Gate keepers reeeeeeshttps://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-So they can't find another black Saint they have to make what if scenarios Plus No black history worth mentioning they have to insert them into ours
he went too far lads. rip
Checked & black pilled
no j-jews are also a religioncoping hard lmao
there is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitismthere is no place in society for antisemitism
yeah right afraid of a virus that is so weak they have to massage the figures to make it look virulent.fuck you .
If he didnt before he certainly does now.
As I walked past I saw a couple of based lads in Co-op yesterday not wearing masks. One was in flip flops and shorts, not giving a solitary shit.
reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Must be a troll lmao imagine not knowing something as basic as thishttps://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jews
Bit overcast here mate, had some rain last night
I leave my parents house to go to the shops, we argued over me not having a job and then refusing to cook my chicken nuggets for me, they then told me to take a walk after I called them ‘fucking kikes’, not my fault they want me to conform to society and be a slave for moneyI enter the local paki shop, he’s upped the price of his rustlers and monster energy drink (my favourite), he always changes the prices to match Tescos and the like, why can’t he just do what’s best for me? I mutter ‘fucking Jew’ under my breath at him as I leave the shop and spit on all the newspapers on my way out for publishing anything that doesn’t involve someone like me, a true aryanI decide to go to the park and my blood is already boiling, a black man is sitting on a bench with a white woman, fucking Jewish niggers, stealing all the white women from me, it’s all their fault I’m a fat loser and I tut at him as I walk by. He immediately squares up to me telling me to do it again, but I walk away with him calling me a ‘pussyole’. Standing up for myself would be such a Jewish thing to do and he’s not going to win today.Walking round the shops I get even further enraged, Jews everywhere, taking women from me who would obviously take my virginity had they not ever existed. Charging money for goods in their shops. Laughing with their mates (who needs friends when you’re this based?) People are laughing at me and gagging as I walk past, the stench of my redpilling must be too much for them to handle.I don’t get it /pol/, why can’t the Jews just fuck off? It’s THEIR fault my life is so shit..
There are people who have been afraid to go past their front doors for months that tentatively "went down the shops" on FridayWhy do we want people that paranoid and retarded out amongst us again? It would be like releasing an army of rainmen into the populace.
Stop voting ToryVote for Kier Starmer and the new pro-Semitic labour party
can't wait for commie fucks like this to get lined up against the wallthis must've been a nigger, only a nigger could possibly think like thissome of the only people with stable jobs and income right now, getting pay raises left and right, and they want all their shit for free too? has anyone seen niggers "work" before either?then again, nhs is outwardly bolshevised so i guess it would be odd to expect different of the staff
they have to massage the figures to make it look virulent.And even then it's still nothing, lol. I wonder if they're regretting getting behind such a nothing virus instead of waiting for/manufacturing something more deadly.
Do you think showering so you don’t have a funk is forced compliance?Or how about being required to wear clothes?
Hi Patrick
It just doesn't "feel" right and I don't "like" itPeople are trained to believe, its western culture, that you have to rationalise things. Almost everyone almost always and everyone at some point fumbles through this. Its why you end up with junk science like creationism. Just because you can't rationalise something doesn't mean that there isn't a rational reason for it.Your feelings have been tested by evolution over a far greater timescale than reason has existed. It "doesn't feel right" is a perfectly valid reason for not doing something.Look at the arguments against allowing muslim women to wear the veil and they transfer over to wearing a face mask. It will have consequences for society quite separate from any direct biological effects.the virus is weakIrrelevant. It is their belief that matters. People were afraid and many are now not because of their belief in the efficacy of face masks. These people are out spending money right now.
b but I thought jews don't have the power to lobby institutions and businesses into doing what they want?
I was in co-op last night, no one said anything until a second person came in without one and i was told i need to wear one in future.
Keeping it real
One thing I have learned from the virus is that most people are cowards and snitches
Give it a week and I think the staff will stop even attempting to say anything.
what might have happeneddepicts him marrying a white womenffs... it ever endsThese globalist fucks REALLY ARE social engineering everyone for the massive surge in African immigration projected for this century."Global recognition of the challenges around racism are going to be all the more critical if there are large numbers of people of African descent in many countries.""The distribution of working-age populations will be crucial to whether humanity prospers or withers." https://www.bbc.com/news/health-This is what all the endless race mixing propaganda is about. Why BLACKED porn gets shilled so hard etc. Brainwashing people into accepting their own replacement.And sadest of all, it seems effective...
If only racism hadn't killed him, he would have proven string theory and married this white woman. Wouldn't be surprised if they get a couple of mutts to play his kids. BBC have outdone themselves this time, bravo.
No, it did exactly what was required of it.if you kill too many cattle you have nobody to work on the farm.consume at all costs! you were afraid but with magic facecloth you can consume again.. fuckoff 
theres only two partiesEither a mutt or a retard. Judging from the flag maybe both!
this will never be you
he bought into the blacks can't be racistmeme. in my experience they're even worse than us.
/ sensible chuklehad me in the st half lost me by the end
brexit was a mistakeI'm not taking advice from germoney's hat
Haha those white women just cant get enough of the dark meat.
Reminder that if you love your family you’re not trad.https://mobile.twitter.com/FredNietzky/status/Retvrn to trvdition, punch your nan!
Yeah, I guess you're right. I can't help but feel like they hoped it would have been more, but I guess it barely matters. The figures are all there and they're pathetic, but the ones who are scared will be scared regardless.
I fucking hate normies. I might write that on my mask.
it was a woman behind the counter, of course. mostly i get left alone because im' '" and an absolute unit.
I'll say one thing for third world wogs, they don't give a fuck about rules. I went past some dingy Turkish £ place saw they didn't have customers, and went in. The subject of masks did not come up during my haircut.
How many right wing terrorists are in this country genuinely
Whenever there is any sort of "black power" movement it is immediately cancelled when they start talking about jews. Happened with the Black Panthers, happened in the early s, and it is happening again. The ironic thing is that BLM is run by jews, but they can't control their golem.
Everyone is a potential terrorist
Yes similar to ethnic Jews having to come from a Jewish mother I think you could assert that Muslim intellect can only come from procreation between cousins.
probably in the hundreds at most. and the filth and gchq know about each one of them
be Britishwake up at sunrise to the salat al-fajr blaring through every speaker in Londonwave at the CCTV camera while I'm taking a showereat some shakshuka for breakfast because my wife's son says breakfast needs to be more diversethere's a letter in the transom saying I must pay my tv license because indoctrination isn't freetake the underground to work and get blown up by an innocent refugeewake up in the hospital getting free health carewave to the CCTV camera by my hospital bedhospital food is harira and fried grasshoppers since it's halalget a notice I have to pay for my email licenserealize I've been circumcised while I was unconscious, Dr. Patel says it's more sanitary this waySharia Police runs into my room and demands to know why my wife's son isn't wearing a head scarftry to mansplain that he's a boymy wife's son says he doesn't identify that way anymoreSharia Police kill everyone in the roommy beheaded body is paraded through the streets while everyone chants "fuck white people!"The Guardian and Telegraph say they're worried about my public execution because it might cause Islamaphobiabe buried in Highgate cemeterymy bones are being monitored by CCTVhave to renew my burial license next month
This is like the fifth time in the last week. Something is genuinely brewing it seems
Reminder, as always, to fuck Hong Kongers.https://mobile.twitter.com/acczibit/status/
wikipedia sourcewhy do you ruin every thread?
I fucking 'ate pikeys
anyone born in judea was a jew so nothing to do with race, gotcha.
What do you think of American trannies moving to the U.K, pretending to be British?
How many they decide Your post may have put you in that campLet's not argue over who offended who When they can twist words and label you anything they want you to be
The masks are a pointless forced meme. I'll still wear them though and get in every fuckers hostile little face for making me wear them. I've already been banned from two of my local supermarkets.
the complete lack of action from twitter, and the almost grudging acceptance to actually call his multiple hour rants racist from lefty media, shows how dangerous the BLM narrative is.the one mistake Wiley made was target Jews instead of whites. and in Black Hebrew Israelite theology, the Jew is the "king race" of the whites. they believe Jews are whites, but are the most powerful whites. it's a distinction almost without a difference. if you took his rants and replaced "Jewish" with white, not only would he have been ignored, he'd probably have been given a BBC documentary slot to spend half an hour teaching the British public about how whites are demonic.
you forgotwalk round the group of polish labourers drinking lager and eating tuna out of tins in the street
This isn't a Creative Writing class, fuck off Tarquin
Wut, it explicitly says they are an ethnic group. They inbred over  years which led to them having similar characteristics. You must be a retard or a jew to not know this
Far-right groups consist of MI agents and Special Branch agents trying to goad one another into doing something violent
Conspiritard hat on - they are somehow doing it deliberately so they can say Twitter supports anti-semitism, oust/sideline Jack Dorsey and accelerate the Paul Singer takeover
memeflag
Madonna?
that sounds about right. can't have a social media platform in the hands of a goy
Do you ever start writing something fairly impassionately and feel the enthusiasm drain away from you mid-way through lads?
Lots of bootlicking in this thread.
Oooh, I know! I know! The terrorist must be the white man, right? So fucking transparent
I don’t believe COVID- is real lads
which powerful group is a massive proponent for open borders?which powerful group is a massive proponent for multicultralism?which powerful group is a massive proponent of feminism, and 'progressive' values?which powerful group is a massive proponent in the porn industry shilling Miscegenation?Which powerful group DOMINATES the Media, Hollywood, Music industry, and uses these mediums to shill all of the above.What effect has this had on Employment, Wages, Prices, Family, Relationships, Culture?If you don't see the connection & its consequences, you're a sub  IQ moron and should fuck back off to plebbit.
In the same way the KKK are overwhelmingly feds and police and spooks, hard right wing groups here are the same
Free speech row over new hate crime bill in Scotlandthis is such bullshit because what you hate is subjective - a gun shot to the head might top the list on things that piss you off, but there's some freak out there who'd pay good money to have it happen to themand this "analysis" is saying we would (not even "should") not want to be responsible for some nigger chimping out; never mind blaming the nigger for their violent reactions, no it's somehow my fault because they're so quick to lash out blindly at the mere sounding of that word "nigger"not that it matters because we don’t have a right to own a gun to protect our right to say what we like, so all the pundits and fags are umming and ahhing over how restricted a privilege to speak we should get; a small formality for them to pretend to care, as we run headlong towards despotism no doubt
Sounds cool. A few weeks ago I walked up to the Lodge Slabs up by Loch Grannach in Galloway, cycled there, slept in a bivvy bag overnight, went swimming and climbed the Lodge Slabs the next morning. Great fun, if shit hits the fan I'm just going to go live outdoors, there were plenty of fish and sheep, drinkable water and firewood.
all the ti
I asked a manager today and she told me they're not allowed to enforce it. so you can put a complaint it and get free coupons kek
mass africanizationThey are at most % of the popualtion and most of them live in one cityHow the hell is the country going to get africanized with those numbers?
Shitpipe of a kike country. Kween resembles a reptilian kike
is real ISRAEL ?COINCIDENCE!?I THINK NOT
By importing more. Thats the only way because they dont have a hugh birthrate in UK because they get so many abortions just like in the states
they clearly aren't though and you havent provided a single thing that disproves this
Ok? How's that any worse than getting shanked with a spork by a paki, or that % of your women ooze clemedia and/or syph? You're a joke, bro.
sounds comfy af. i do a lot of rough camping with a bivvy bag round here. would love to do it in scotland where it's actually legal but it's fucking miles away. last time i was camping at a castle and someone actually called the old bill. told me i had to leave, but i wandered off and came back after an couple of hours. england is the least free country in europe probably.
Fuck me, you have to pay to take that course. Just searched it up.
So your issue is one of efficacy? If that’s the case then get an FFP mask lad.
Really easy to tell who I’ve hit the nail on the head describing kek
Its known as withnailling.

fuck off you giant pussy. you were taking the piss so i did too and now i've hurt your feelings.
Yeah, I've been camping a few times in England and been told to leave, with threat of cops coming out. I was in an open field with no crops or livestock, no farm in site to go ask if I could camp or not. No idea how they knew I was there.

it's all coming undone
I'm not opposed to the idea but is should have been a thing back in march , but they were too proud to admit they had no stockpiles, even though mask wearing is part of pre existing pandemic flu plans. To do it now when the pandemic is basically over in the UK is pointless. I reckon that domcum and his band of behavioural scientists.Literally every single law is "forced compliance" , I'm not a supporter of the masks atm but forcing people to do or not do stuff to protect public health is millennia old.
Kek I did it for work, so workplaces are paying to indoctrinate their staff with this stuff
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/
holy kek this is good content
UH OHBLERMPwhat do u bong FUCKS think of danagel PLERNG
It’s a mixture of things that have nothing to do with slowing the spread of the virus.Some MPs want the UK to be more inline with other nations; some get a kick out of passing draconian laws; some want to do everything and anything to slow the spread of the virus, even if it doesn’t work or is OTT.It’s going to backfire eventually, when we see a rise in cases due to opening up, and retards (so all MPs) are going to cry and shut down the country again, inciting societal anger and change. Will be a fun couple of years.
Englandastan Free shamima bagumDindu nun
https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/face-coverings-when-to-wear-one-and-how-to-make-your-own/face-coverings-when-to-wear-one-and-how-to-make-your-ownYou do not need to wear a face covering if you have a legitimate reason not to. This includes (but is not limited to):not being able to put on, wear or remove a face covering because of a physical or mental illness or impairment, or disabilityif putting on, wearing or removing a face covering will cause you severe distressto avoid harm or injury, or the risk of harm or injury, to yourself or others
the access laws in england are a fucking joke, like everything else.they're completing the footpath legislation now. if a path isn't mapped and included it'll be lost forever. half of the paths i use haven't been used for years.
And BASED Patel ensures it’ll be carried out at the highest levels as well
SMALL TOWN WITCH COME TO MESS ME UPSMALL TOWN WITCH COME TO MESS ME UP, AGAINhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eUBVVbcCDdM
that's precisely the psyop.relationships have been totally refrained around empty hedonism. "good news white women, these millions of Africans we want to flood your countries with are the 'great' loversconveniently ignores % high divorce rate, the domestic abuse,their reputation of abandoning their own children.
) The number is obviously increasing all the time, since there is a limitless pool of nogs in Africa to draw upon and ) it's more a matter of the society becoming culturally black on the whole regardless of its demographics -- much as apartheid-era South Africa used to be culturally white despite whites being a minority
there is a correct answer?
hello fren, I assume you're my ex danefag now currently danefren anyway
so we all have to pretend to be spastics just to get a pint of milk now?
David Lammy is on LBC talking about BLM
it does feel like yelling into the void at times.
yes. the white guy obviously.
Literally every single law is "forced compliance"There's a bit of a difference between forcing someone not to do something (like kill your neighbour) and telling them they have to do something, and in cases where the latter is pointless and unnecessary it does amount to petty tyranny
I’m a pretty normal guy, semi cool job with a good few friends. Yesterday I went out in Cheltenham without a mask and felt like a social pariah - even the homeless and street drinkers were wearing them. I think this will be how they start getting us on a list boys.
or the actual law if you want to read ithttps://www.legislation.gov.uk/uksi///regulation//made
Thankfully, the masks won’t save them, and they’ll die.We don’t weak subhumans in our country
don't let them make you a social piranha mate or they'll ostrichsize you forever. you're a human being.
still waiting for his hot take on paki rape gangs and why white boys are failing at school. he is an MP after all, it's not like he is only allowed to represent his own race or anything, is it?
have legit diagnosis of autism from when I was a childchildhood asthmasuffer from digestive issues that give me a lot of wind which sometimes makes me short of breathbecome distressed when wearing mask due to eye watering and needing to sneeze every few secondsI am based and exempt pilledpretendthanks mate, by definition according to that law I'm except just from the simple fact I have a long list of (((mental health issues)))
Yeah man. Hows life?
The version with the sultanas is the better type I dunno if that is the chink version
Realistically, would it possible to totally boycott all chink products and services? They yellow Devils seem to manufacture everything these days.
KekI captcha'd a combine harvester as a tractor will I be vanned
I'm just going to take the piss as long as I can. Wearing a mask is a bit feminine too. I would wonder what my Yorkshire grandad who worked the pits would think about all this bollocks. Dent be ah big gurls blouse.
?lets guess this proves that jews all look like ugly alan dershowitz
good mate, just bought myself a new gaming rig yesterday, due on tuesday. hyped. been playing paladins all day today, can't wait to see how it performs on my new rigyou good?
In hindsight we should have all backed Labour in If they won a few thousand more votes they could have formed a minority government with the SNP and that would have been the funniest most dysfunctional shitshow ever.
When did terrorism stop meaning "indiscriminate violence to further a cause"?
The leaf shares my thoughts.
I am based and exempt pilledYeah so you mean you are a fragile spacker then
Are you seriously asking something you already know the answer to?
Not bad man. Yeah im alright, studying unfortunately. Summers been fairly shit weather here so far so not much else is happening anyway
No ethical consumption under capitalism.
are you?
are you?
How about you address me directly coward.Try countring any of the points i raised?Just how blue pilled are you?Do i really need me to spoon feed you red pills.Go read "The culture of Critique" and come back when your smug kek has been shatteredWhat most pathetic about your little easy is it assume just because i care about the macro issues our society faces, my life 'shit'. Wrong. Im not super successful, but doing better than average.
What are wagies gonna do when they have to go back to work?
wagie wagie get in th-Anon are you still up? its : in the morningMe and your dad have had about enough, sonIts time to get a job. You spend all day posting pictures of that frog and we have had it
Starve. There are no jobs.
living with your parents in I just make the landlord clean the peepee poo poo now
go back to work, i guess
Why do so many young white men drop out of society, have no gf, no job, no confidence, no social skills, no friends and no real skills and what will be the effects on society when you have so many young white men with nothing going for them?
what will be the effects on society when you have so many young white men with nothing going for them?I'm not supposed to tell you...
Why do so many young white men drop out of society, have no gf, no job, no confidence, no social skills, no friends and no real skillsLack of good fathers.and what will be the effects on society when you have so many young white men with nothing going for them?Lack of strong sons.
Because TV and video games and stuff.May god be with us all!
not just whites browe are here with you
they probably don't feel like this world is worth participating in at the moment. too much effort for too little reward.
Honestly the KGB plot to destabilize Western society was masterful. I'm so amazed I can't even be mad.
I have a job, a brother, and a nephew. Nothing else exists for me except a bottomless well of self loathing.
Lack of good fathers.What's the cause for all the bad fathers?
Because we have a society which vilifies the masculine in an attempt to bring about a Communist global revolution.History shows that when you have enough disenfranchised young men, the nation becomes unstable.
ThisTry picking up an instrument. Nylon-string guitar is chill. You might be surprised what expressing yourself as music can do for one's mental health. It helps me a lot on the more loathsome days
Why do so many young black men drop out of society, have no gf, no job, no confidence, no social skills, no friends and no real skills and what will be the effects on society when you have so many young black men with nothing going for them?
This.In my case, post divorce, I feel like I had signed up for the social contract: I work and pay taxes and raise healthy productive citizens and obey the law and just generally cooperate to help build and maintain civilization.But then got betrayed and society didn't help at all. I contributed and then there was no safety net nor help nor thanks. Not even a "sorry about that".I held up my end of the social contract but then got shafted and society reneged on the deal.I feel like I bought the food and helped cook and set the plates and then was denied a seat at the table.Isn't there an African proverb about young men not being welcomed by the village?
You get no one paying taxes which scares the nigger. It's better to let us fucking work.
I don't know, but that's why I became a communist.
Join the police force man.
I really feel (((they))) wanted this for us. Porn, Kike pharma drugs, Vidya, Fast Food, Drugs, etc. We are the weakest we've ever been but I'm not ready to take the blackpill yet. We may not have much influence over this clown world but each man can better himself and be the version he was always meant to be. THAT is how you fight back.
History shows that when you have enough disenfranchised young men, the nation becomes unstable.How long do you think it will take before that happens anon?
Bro that hit a little close to home. I am one of those societal drop outs. Most of my friends have jobs and gfs though... I'm working on a job atm and as far as dating goes, I suppose I could always date a fat chick worst comes to worst... I might just pull through bro. Wish me luck.
We're beeing sacrified by jews thats all
because our fathers were affected by the same propaganda / global agenda, except they had very little information about it
How bad fathers will our generation be then anon?
Look luck fren and don't lose hope, right now I'm a drop out too but things will hopefully get better in the future
 LookGood*
They will be a disaster, especially mothers
I wonder how fucked the next generation will be
Isn't there an African proverb about young men not being welcomed by the village?"The child who is not embraced by the village will burn it down to feel its warmth"-chieftain bongobongo
Syrian general /sg/ Israeli demise edition
We must defeat the kikes
good morning /sg/
The United States military has said Russia appears to be sending more military equipment to its mercenaries in Libya, including in the flashpoint city of Sirte, in breach of an arms embargo.https://www.aljazeera.com/amp/news///military-claims-russia-sending-military-equipment-libya-.html
This has been confirmed to be based.
Give a lurrker that hasnt visited since Assad laid the smackdown on Idlib an update on the situation...
steel benches installed under the blazing Damascus sun
Turks seem to have quite the grip on Idlib, no offensive in sight. Also they seem to have taken the fight to libya.
The thread has been raided by israeli rats for days, normal users are waiting for the fuckers to leave or at least go back to their jihadi memeflags
I got the situation under control, it seems like we're winning.
You Jude should know better, that people usually dont go outside to sit around during the day.In particular with that traffic around.But then again you are accursed by God (probably more than islam is accursed)so how would you know to make any sense
#UPDATE: UAE based Gulfstream G heading into Benghazi after departing Dubai
Sure whatever you say
Operation Kheibar early The first time I survived a chemical attackPhotos of  jets bombing our battalion with  chemical bombs, along with pictures of me & some friends who were targetedSaddam's chemical weapons were gifts from US/European regimes (especially Germany)https://twitter.com/s_m_marandi/status/
mashallah brothersFriendly reminder that turkish muslims are not our enemy, turks are based even though their leaders might have an imperial selfish interest.
Yes we shallIran RARE

Beautiful rifle, i used to have one just like it but a bit older.
please dont post only arabic, but also give a quick translation.
KEK
French fire fighters control cathedral fire.Comment: may all churches burn.
tweet about a fire in Nantes Cathedral in FranceMuslim: I hope that all churches will burn to teach people the dangers of polytheism and the Trinity
Anyone else notice (((sudden weight gain))) during the (((pandemic)))?
No. I haven't eaten out since the end of February. I've lost weight.
You gained lbs in  months? You're a fucking retard and clearly never had any discipline to begin with.
Were you fit or lardass before? I also haven’t been eating out and been cooking from scratch (or my gf). Could also be my gf spiking my food, been noticing her and women in general acting crazy these days.
Wanna avoid weight gain?Eat like a Type- Diabetic
Stop eating shit. The wife and I have both lost  lbs since COVID. Making your own food and planning meals really keep calories down and saves a fuck load of money. I’ll sacrifice walking in through the mouth breathers at the store once a week for fresh produce my garden can’t supply
The opposite for me I've been working out consistently and have gotten much more lean even though I eat like shit now compared to before quarantine
I gain weight super easily. It was more like  lbs but still. My gym routine got fucked and I got lazy.

Were you fat or /fit/ before? I’ve been hearing this but usually from overweight ppl who never exercise.
So you stopped doing the basics of pushups, sit ups, pull ups, running, etc and just ate without any regard?
I've lost  lbs since this shit began. Saved a ton on groceries and I'm in shape for whatever the fuck is coming next. Nothing is in the food. Your fat ass is just being lazy and eating too much.
. BMI to 
What is your workout? Do you have a home gym? Not having easy access to weights is killing me.
Working out doesn't matter. Bullet trumps two rocks. Can't wait to see tfw killed by a lb american sniping out of his mothers attic then using his trained pitbulls to pick your dead corpse for loot to then order online dominos delivered straight to my doorstep.
catch covid-virus triggers type- diabetes Master plan.
If you lost  lbs in  months you were probably  lbs before and are still fat as fuck now.
Damn where did this guy get a window into the future of civilization? Glad you took a picture
I've stayed the same weight. Because I still get drunk every night.
lost lbs in  monthsNo, you didn't.
It's been  months my guy. I started getting my ducks in a row when I first heard about Covid in China. OMAD and working out does wonders.
You want some help bro?
see
I am ' " as well and any time I am unemployed and inactive I tend to gain wait. I also tend to eat a bit more since I am depressed. I own up to the fact that my weight gain is my own doing and completely unrelated to a government conspiracy theory unlike the immanent takeover. Cheers dikbutt.
I ate normally and did basics, but probably not at high enough intensity. I had a weight routine before at the gym whoch got jewed but I still exercised regularly. I am thinking my gf could be spiking my food, I’ve actually eaten less overall since this began.
I was underweight and gained  lbs in . months by drinking a gallon of whole milk a day and eating a lot. I am thinking of going back on the diet to get to  lbs.
You didn't lose lbs in  months either.
Thanks kike, your input is noted.
Vaccines trigger Type-, not diet.
I gained about lbs
OP i did notice weight gain was more resistant. I've started staying on my feet all day via snake man and now im staying slim again.
I'm lying about losing the weight on an anonymous forum for what reason exactly? There's literally nothing to gain.
I'm a kike for acknowledging that some theories have credence and some are completely absurd? I'm a kike for saying that people must acknowledge their own actions? The absolute state of /pol/.
I wish I were capable of gaining weight like you fat fucks.
'"also gained  lbs
You're just fat. Take your meds.
spiked with fucking what? You sound like a retard dude. I somehow managed to still stay fit and drop a few pounds during this bullshit. When you do  push ups a day,  sit ups, and  pull ups, plus running - miles, you can do just fine.
Literally nothing in my life changed durring the pandemic. I dont how i should feel about that.
Thanks, if I ever need a lamp you’re my guy
I dont pay attention to my weight, I just keep lifting and eating as normal. As long as i don't have a gigantic belly im fine. Can care less for packs just worry about nice pecs and arms.
Sugar dumbfuck. Shave a zero off of those rep numbers and I might believe you, or keep projecting you’re clearly an insecure fatass.
Fellow '". No major change. Cooking every meal at home. Eat less shitty food. Probably snack and drink a bit more to keep weight even. Guess is you're probably doing the same, but still eating takeout/delivery.
I gained about  kgs, lost it all pretty quickly. Maybe you just need to stop being a fat shit.
Yeah, I gained  pounds that definitely, definitely wasn't there before February. I'm a victim of this panic, not a lack of personal responsibility at all.
Yeah six packs mean very little except for faggots and fuckbois. You give good advice but for me weight is something I need to watch out for.
It's not hard man. It's about spacing it out. If you did  push ups or situps every time you took a piss, do you realize how many you could do in one day?
fortpls
If you do  a day you are half repping unless you are a navy seal or a manlet.  every time you take a piss must fuck up your bathroom, your home must smell like shit.

You’re probably an absolute fatass looking to feel a little bit less like a  lb whale.
I have legit been doing  push ups after every piss. And I piss a lot because I drink a lot of water. Sit ups, I do  in the morning,  in the afternoon,  after work, and  after running with my dog. Pull ups, I bought one of those BS doorway ones and use that. None of what I said is hard if you actively try to do it. You just seem lazy. Let me guess, you bench on a Smith machine at the gym?
Yeah you sound like halfrep king, that is not how you work out my bro.
i do the same shit actually. been lazy today though. i throwing in hand stands for - seconds and also hangs for a shorter duration for variety as well
Not a SEAL but I was in the Marines when I was younger, which instilled a great deal of discipline and fitness in me.
Ah, if you were in the marines I believe you. Are you a manlet or full-sized human?
How do you feel about crayolas new blm crayon box?
I didn't say diet, I said the virus could trigger it.
Marines are short mexicans.
You’re probably an absolute autist that misses jokes.
i will say doing this every fucking day may lead to injury for anyone lurking abs ive noticed dont hurt when working them dailymy best gains have come from idling around parks, running until im a bit beyond tired, doing a few pull ups, and repeating for a few hours then resting for a dayscuzzbrush races bring me nightmare
Depends on what you're definition of a manlet is. I'm '". Regardless, everything I just said is attainable. It's literally about discipline and making yourself do it.
No I got it, but you still come off as an insecure fatass
I lost around  lbs during quarantine. My eating habits actually got worse since I began to actively avoid the super markets once the panic buying started. All in all though, my weight has been fluctuating between  &  for years
I fucking eat them all.
Semper crayola debil doge!
put some weight on man.
King of manlets then. I know how to work out but probably not at marine level discipline. You should alternate exercises and not do  of anything daily though.
nice try, fatass
What do you weigh?
I've been losing weight, but that probably has to do with cocaine use. I mainly eat frozen pizzas and BLTs Lol... Also I fuckin lift big weights (not really, but kinda).
Push ups are nothing to me, dude. I don't think you understand how many I used to have to do haha. I'm just saying, without a gym, this is what I was doing, that's all. Running was probably the best thing for me, because I had been neglecting that. I was wearing my dog out some days, and this german shepherd can fuckin' run.
How many gallons of soda did you drink a day ? How many sugar shit did you eat ?
Well if that's the case, good. Nothing forces you to eat and live healthy like type- diabetes.I know first hand, no room for faggotry.
Right now lbs. But I'm also only about % BF. I'm tired of hearing about ' guys that weigh  lol. If you're '", you should be a minimum of lbs if you are fit. Preferably, you should be above . Skinnyfags get the rope.
an actual schizonobody told him to take his meds???
I gained - pounds at most but am losing it. I had been working out a lot tho in lockdown.Gaining lbs of pure fat is a lot mate. Thats about a  calorie surplus everyday for  months.
Lost  pounds when I got very sick (not corona, got tested) put it all back on in a few weeks with a bit more intense exercise and some big boy sandwiches.
I've been drinking like a fish. None of my pants fit me properly anymore.
Yeah you’re right I probably don’t, marines are pretty fucking hardcore. How many pushups in a row can you do? My personal record is  full rom without breaking form, I bet you guys could knock out at least  in a row easily by end of basic.
jesus.. if you do less you eat less... most people are retarded and don't understand the most simple concept of energy input and energy output.Just do a single week of calorie counting and you will be amazed how much you fucking stuff yourself with.If you want to lose weight you need a calorie deficit and you can achive this by two things, either eat less or burn more energy.
' used to be a pretty solid athletic type ( minute mile and good lifts) nowadays I'm just maintaining what I have.
Same thing happened to me, drank a lot of beer after furloughed from my job.Need to lose a stone at least, but finding it hard to lose.Youre probably getting older op, try not to let yourself get fat in the first place.
Too much logic mate
actually i've started doing cardio and eating less to lose weight. i've already lost nearly kg and i wasn't too fat before as it was. i just watched my and stopped eating jewish snacks and drinking coke
I think that you’re a (((fatass)))
No sugar, and definitely no soda. I will say that you frogs have great bon-jewed food. Every time I visit France I lose like - lbs in a month even though I eat more.
Now? or then? Because I definitely can't knock them out how I use to. -yrs old was the best shape of my life lol. Sometimes I look back and am amazed at what I use to be able to do. Right now, about -.
Most of my co-workers are middle aged and put on -lbs each.Zoomers have just been cooming and getting pudgy tooIf america shuts down again in the fall it will literally be the west at it's weakest
Just take DNP, start out with mg and go up to  soon
Like I said, I fluctuate over the years. The pandemic brought me down to  by May, now I'm around  and putting on a bit more
am i the only one that lost weight?
Hi Anon. It wouldn’t surprise me given how messed up this timeline is. Maybe the only way to do it as you get older is to starve yourself like those Holocaust guys.
don't bother   is either a seething fatty that sees your weight loss as a reminder of their own inadequacy that if they actually tried could achieve or they are a seething kike that isn't geting your snack shekels. keep it up anon
I know how to calorie count and have been eating less and run - miles per day (.- km/day). This is why I think my gf might be spiking my food, she hasweird hangups about weight.
Get a cheap scale and weigh yourself every morning without exception. Track your weight. Set small goals for yourself, and if you fail to meet them, impose a mandatory -hour fasting period on yourself. In a couple months, you will be in much better shape.
Dude, just work hardercarnivore it
I lost weight by starting a shake diet during lockdown. Easy when in a routine. Seeing some nice side abs now. Hard when life chaotic though, which mine now is.
Fatass yes but no ((()))
plz be fat so I can justify my pig like eating habitstop kek
Let me back this up with, I will not have perfect form at  any more though.
My gym routine got fucked and I got lazy./thread/. Go back to /b/ or /fit/. This post isnt politics related.
Been trying, almost no carbs. But it hasn’t been working, something is (((wrong))).
I dropped a bit over  in a year once. But I was on just  kcal per day. Seems an unlikely thing to pull off in  months unless you start out at  foot tall  lbs or some shit.
muscular people that maintain their diet are gaining weight because they can't exercise as much. Instead of marginalizing their regiment to compensate for the situation, they're going full speed.A vice by any other name is still a vice.
I eat well and little carbs and no junk. Bet you’re eating cheetos with your dirty coomcovered fingers right now big boy.
shows a picture of steroid abuse as an example
battle of the bulge
D
lbs checking in. I lost  lbs during quarantine, then gained  back.
I suppose I just happen to have the best genes.I don't have to think my eating at all. I eat when I like, what I like. My system tells me when to stop. My weight is very stable year in, year out.Same with drinking. I can drink what I want and two, three days in a row, then my system just tells me to stop. No issues whatsoever.
Yeah I literally have no idea what you're talking about. When the pandemic started I lost my job, so I just hung out in my garage and did calisthenics and ate chicken legs (poverty food of the gods btw). By late May I'd gone from lbs to , and had abs coming in. My weight has shot back up but that's because I'm literally so poor that I had to tap into my barrel of emergency riceIdk what you're doing but maybe you just need to eat less and cut your carb intake down to 
i've actually sadly lost weight. without the gym i'm not physically straining myself enough to keep up with my old appetite and i'd say it would make me sick to eat even half of what i used to but i literally cannot even get to the point of eating that much now, i'm just not even as hungry to begin with. haven't eaten breakfast in  months - now that i think of it - i don't think i've even eaten within - hours of waking up in general for the last  months
If you're naturally a skinny guy, then eat up, and hit the weights. Don't eat bullshit though. I'm not saying to eat  calories from McDonalds.
i believe you, i do this. fuck them.
 Cals a day is insane. Were you in a PoW camp or something? I dropped  lbs in one summer at age  just by running  miles a day and cutting carbs, but my metabolism is slower now at .
no carbs memeThe only way to diet is to starve yourself. Be it gradually or otherwise. Trying to go cold turkey will shock your system and force it into survival mode. Learn to fast.
So you're about -lbs with no muscle? Just because you can "eat what you want" does not mean you're in shape or healthy.
Cool, still impressive if you can so  full form in a row.
I dropped  lbs since the lock-in. Too bad I have stretch marks on my gut now :(
Fasting sounds like a jew meme. I need to be able to focus throughout the day and use my brain a lot for my job.
Yeah I can do - in a row with great form. After that, I need a break if I'm going to continue with perfect form. I'm  but my body feels so much older sometimes lol
 lbs, generally fit. Never had a problem getting laid either.Weight lifters are weak as pussies. Always something fucked up, can't do this, can't do that. Whining bitches, looking to be in "perfect fit" only at competitions. Outside of competition just manchildren.
So fast @ night? Easy peasy.
t. pussy eurofagWho will protect you when a  yo somali refugee overpowers you and rapes your boypussy?
weight lifters are pussies for trying to be healthyWe will probably live longer than you. Why even come into a thread like this unless you want to get destroyed?
You do free weights, but use a $ gadget pullup bar? Don't you bump your head on the door lintel? I tried one of those, it slipped, I decide it was dangerous. So I got a real one. You might look in to something like this Titan pull up bar, about $.I use a Smith machine at home because I don't have a spotter, and I'm old. A lat machine and speed bag too, I'm getting double strikes down.  I drink a lot of purified water too, and have cut back to about one soft drink a week. Cutting out carbonated, malted battery acid makes a big difference. Watch your caloric intake.A lot of people stuck at home are eating more and have become sedentary.Never run, always walk. With my dog.Avoid fried foods.Don't play cards with guys named Doc.Never eat at a place called `Mom's'.
That’s natural. But I think he meant something like only eat am-pm every day.
Nope, you're just a fatass with no self-control.
I never really workout at home, until the gyms closed down. That's when I started this "new routine". I've done a lot of things I didn't think I would do during this.don't play cards with guys named Dochahahah
Who will protect you when a  yo somali refugee overpowers you and rapes your boypussy?They won't. I have my ways with them.We will probably live longer than you.Bullshit. Why even come into a thread like this unless you want to get destroyed?I just wanted to let you know that Finnish genes are the best. I know only few fats, everybody are pretty much the same as me. None of my friend goes to gym.
He wants to get destroyed. He’s a eurofag and geys off on fantasizing getting destroyed by other men.
Finnish genes are the bestsaid no one ever, besides you. Exit this thread immediately.
I was kg when the pandemic started, now I'm at kg. It's easy to lose weight when you don't have to deal with co-workers offering you candy all day.
You just fantasize that you could get some of my genes by homosexual penetration. It doesn't work like that. You must be born from Finnish parents to get them.
How tall? Germans do seem to have good genes overall for weight, though I do occasionlly see a few gigantic fatass gunthers.
lol noI lost  lbs u fat fagggot
You’re a fucking mongol russian rapechild. Nobody wants your genes. Get back in the cuckshed matti.
Exit this thread immediately.I like going in the middle of niggers and provoke littlebit. Same with fats.I just can't help myself sometimes.https://youtu.be/WorJFKLE
You're at  lb of fat loss per week, approximately. What's wrong with this, exactly? A cut should be -% to -% deficit max. Anything more is risking losing muscle.https://legionathletics.com/weight-loss-calculator/ctrl + f " calories"Use the calculator at the top, find your fat mass. Multiply fat pounds by . Boom, your max deficit in calories you should be using.I hope you're tracking calories.
im so bored I lift everyday but dont eat enough so i lost weight and became all philippine-core body
Don't eat bullshit though. I'm not saying to eat  calories from McDonaldsWhy are you talking to me like I'm your little brother? My eating habits went to shit because I lived in a nigger infested city. Between them and the corona I opted to hunker down until I could get my ass back to the countryside
No. Just hit a slump in my s. Gained about a pound a month for a decade. Realized I was a fat piece of shit. Determined to fix it. Wasn't in the best shape for running. So just lifted and walked and ate very little, mostly chicken and veggies with nothing on it. Took the weight off in /th the time it took me to put it on. To this day, I still eat cheese or butter or oil or white bread or fried shit etc. No beer either, although I'll still drink whiskey here and there. Still lifting and walking too. Could stand to probably drop a few still. But I've been keeping steady for a good while.
hahah I was trying to give some advice, you absolute shithead.
This is going to sound out there but it’s my theory. Every time I’ve noticed a change in timeline, my stomach expands ridiculously. It feels like a balloon. I know every time. I’m having the same problem now and during meditation I can see multiple timelines being.. processed and collapsed. Big changes are happening and it happens within our body too. It’s been bothering me a lot, so I’ve been meditating on it and I keep seeing everything is going to be okay and my body will go back after we stabilize timelines. Part of the ascension process. I think.
I usually lose faster if I go all lut, like at least - lbs a week. This time it’s stranger because it’s harder to lose and the fat doesn’t show up as obviously on my body (I’m also more muscular now than before). So I didn't even notice that much weight gain until I got a home scale.
my sidesthank you anon
OP I think you might be a fat retard like in your pic
' dropped llbs (just over a stone as we say in the UK) if anything the lockdown gave me the opportunity to focus on physical and mental fortification. I've seen nothing but people crying about putting weight on when all they've done is eat like fucking pigs and drink alcohol. In the middle of a so called pandemic the last thing you should be doing is putting your immune system at risk.
Kek, OP got more hostile and autistic as this thread went on. Confirmed fat mongoloid.
he thinks the guy in the picture is fatThe absolute state of leafs and skinnyfags.
It's appreciated, but that's not the advice I need. The advice I need is more likeAnon you need to eat at least  calories, half won't do
And you read all of it and loved it you cuck.
I think you’re a khazar
No I meant like don't be scared of skipping meals, and don't be ashamed of eating smaller meals throughout the day and taking power naps instead of having ritual large meals and designated sleep times.You're not a fucking animal being potty-trained to eat and shit only certain times of the day.If you're tired and hrs wasn't enough sleep? Fuck it, sleep some more. Sleep through breakfast/lunch. Don't make your body fear that it needs to consume the same allotment of breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day.oh fuck I missed breakfast and lunch, better eat everything including dinner at the same time to make up for it!You can't skip "carbs" and replace your "caloric intake" with other "calories". Everything is so loosely fucking defined just to fuel someone's patented technology.You don't need to do any exercise other than stretching and cardio unless your intent is to build muscle, but then your intent isn't to lose weight. And don't stress yourself either because that also activates survival mode.
not so much, fatbody
No I stopped once it got sad, somewhere halfway through. You are a fucking loser who gained weight and tried blaming covid . How fucking stupid can you get.
FAT spergTake your gear, schizo
But eating fast food is a perfectly legit way to bulk, plenty of weightlifters do it.
Yeah I do force myself to eat at mealtime. Also have been getting less sleep and stressed overall bc I put more pressure on myself now that I work from home (and this have more time to work). Good advice, thanks anon.
not so much fatbody
I could lose  % of my brain cells and still be more functional than a strayan prison rapetrash bogan. S’truth Steven, watch out for stingrays fuckin oath.
All I can say is, you're doing something wrong. Scale is broken, you're overestimating/underestimating, not tracking calories, etc.. Also I call BS.  pounds is not something you "don't notice".Track your calories with myfitnesspal and use the calculator I linked. Trust me it works.
Ive been doing intermittent fasting, and home cooking. Gained muscle, lost fat. Weigh a little bit more but not much.
Sure, but not for all of your daily calorie intake. You want to have a Burger King lunch while bulking up? Sure, go ahead. Eating fast food for all of your intake is completely unhealthy.
You don't need to do any exercise other than stretching and cardio unless your intent is to build muscle, but then your intent isn't to lose weight. And don't stress yourself either because that also activates survival mode.Spoken like someone who truly doesn't know what the fuck they're talking about. Your entire post was bullshit s o y science.You absolutely should be lifting while cutting to prevent muscle loss. And lifting heavy.
No seriously man. I noticed weight gain, but nothing like  lbs. I have a very big frame so that might “hide” it. I will check if my scale is set properly, it was acting a bit weird.
Three meals a day is not the natural state for the human body, it constantly has the body in 'digestion' mode severely restricting autophagy, your body needs time to heal/repair and can not do this when digesting food, your cells get clogged up with waste and it causes inflammation and increased ageing.https://www.medicaldaily.com/how--meals-day-became-rule-and-why-we-should-be-eating-whenever-we-get-hungry-https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC/
stress makes weight loss difficult
Sure, not every meal. But what do you mean unhealthy? Too many calories? Not enough protein? People who say fast food = unhealthy, usually don't even explain what they mean by unhealthy.Fat for instance isn't the enemy. Certain fats are healthy for you and your body needs them. So many nutrition myths still being repeated from outdated 's/'s studies.
Metabolism is not a conspiracy you retarded fucking nigger. Eat less.
How old are you? Around  the male body pretty much says "fuck you fatty, you're on your own" and it gets way harder to lose weight.Count your macros for a week and keep up the regimen. Report back next week. Nothing a lil' bit of math can't solve, chief. Wouldn't be shocked if China pulled some mean girls shit on our food supply.
I've put on lbs anon. Gyms have reopened today in UK and I can't wait to burn this shit off.
i can't manage my dietit's the jews' fault
Based. We should all be intermittent fasting every day. Reject the cereal industries "breakfast is the most important meal of the day" Jew.
. I still have time but it’s not lime it was when I was .
You absolutely should be lifting while cutting to prevent muscle loss. And lifting heavy.Also more muscle means more calories ur body uses. Lifting is fun as shit and every man should do it.
You must have been a big ol' hoss when this started ( at best, I'm guessing). If so, good for you. If not so, see a doctor you Kurt Godel on his deathbed looking motherfucker
That’s some really pathetic shot to think that that is hard, imagine not being fueled by hate and rage
One whopper meal is over half of the daily caloric intake for a normal person.
You’re right, jews only want to help. Thank you so much khazar-kun, I eed to suck more jew cock. MIGA
I've lost around  pounds, I got the chink flu and it killed my desire to eat, my body is eating itself
t. Manlet
My guy,  pounds is like  big house cats, or one smallish/medium dog.You telling me you missed that? Definitely check that scale. + for intermittent fasting. I usually skip breakfast/lunch. Do cardio fasted and then weightlift fasted. Then a feeding window - hours.Breakfast cereal was the biggest scam ever perpetrated on humanity, and the cereal barons deserve to be locked up.
Nope. I've lost lbs...started using my home gym again and i almost have a sixpack :)
ThisAnd for anyone that lifts natural GH significantly increases whilst in a fasted statehttps://www.dietdoctor.com/fasting-and-growth-hormone
Decent. I am /fit/ but have thunder thighs and broad shoulders so my BMI always says unhealthy and I get real pensive and sad, wondering if these gains are ill-begotten. They need a button applying some adjustment factor for myself and other Americans suffering from hereditary swoleiosis.
Yeah, that's bullshit. Age does not change the mechanism of fat loss. You're body does not magically retain more fat because you're older. Any changes in metabolism are very slight.Older people are fatter because they're less active, and their diets go to shit, period.
Will do. My belly wasn’t that much bigger and my butt wasn’t bigger so  was a surprise.What do you think about oatmeal for breakfast? I’ve been eating regular oatmeal and ruit for breakfast every day.
Stop eating so much if you wanna loose weight. It's fucking physics you dumb nigger
Cool. Well I hope it turns out to just be a getting older thing and not anything worse. I dated a girl who changed exactly nothing in her diet and exercise and put on like  pounds (we lived together and she wouldn't bullshit about it), turned out to be a legitimate thyroid issue and she had to have some surgery. Keep an eye on that shit cousin, all these unnatural food production methods are probably screwing with us all
How do you even afford food during this pandemic, literally no jobs
My mom had thyroid issues now that you mention it. Also still get acne, medschool gf said it couldbe “cushing’s syndrome” though that’s a stretch.
This. Everybody needs to ease up. When I was hitting the books hard in college I'd make it a point to crank out  pushups between every section read or some other weirdo shit. Added up to  real quick, and it wasn't even taxing due to the rest intervals.Totally plausible, and anyone claiming otherwise is a butthurt fatty. Tell the fatties to post a video of  pushups or else they're fat cowards who can't see their dicks.
Modern world doesn't have any use for sixpack's or big muscles. Women wants a confident and naturally fit man, with nice facial features, superior character, that is strong, yet sensitive, funny and edgy to the point of making woman rage and then the man tames her with his superior intrellect and charm. That's what the feminists wants. Instead of going to the gym, look for your natural shape by figuring out the best diet for you. Here's the secret.your body adapts to the amount of food you get by the dayif you eat three warm meals a day, your body expects to have that everydaysettle down to ONE good warm meal per daybreakfastsomething before going to sleep.Your body will adapt to this in about two weeks. Hellish two weeks to get that, but, your body is stubborn. Your WILL must be stronger. If you can't be your own body by the will of your mind, what else do you think you could ever conquer?Pussies.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IctJvJdNE
*if you can't BEAT your own body
BluffPost video fatty
Source: your ass
BASED. Yes, muscle uses more calories to maintain than fat. Good point. Weightlifting IS the most based and redpilled male hobby. Period.Of a normal person that doesn't work out, yes. A large fry + whopper = about  calories. I could eat that  times a day and be at maintenance (no drink included). Oatmeal is a scam, much like cereal. To be honest I'm kind of half in on the Svrige pill. I think eating tons of fruits/veggies/grains is a fucking meme for the most part. Humans should be eating a primarily meat/fat diet.That being said I just had chicken with pasta. Like I said, half in. I eat primarily meat. Planning to try carnivore diet soon.
calories in calories out is real
I’m a naturally big guy (’) who very easily puts on weight It’s been  weeks and only noticed - lb loss, which is far lower than normal for meyou just eat too much you fucking fatso and aren't on big enough caloric deficitgod burgers are so pathethic, how can you go to gym and don't even know basic things about diet?
Me. I haven't changed my diet or exercise either.
Sometimes, I'll step on to the scale in the middle of a set just to remind gravity that I'm  pounds of rock solid fuck you, gravity. Occasionally, I once absentmindedly did so in the middle of a squat set (heavy week) and was fucking stoked to finally hit my target weight of  lbs, natty. Imagine my disappointment when I racked the weights and checked again: my boyhood dream of walking past hot sloots and distorting their gravitational field with my ferocious density and musculature was nothing more than a false positive. One day, I will flex my left pec, and Stacy's right boob will jiggle immediately in response. The shredded slabs of chest beef will forever entangle Stacy and me. I will have become, for all intents and purposes, the god of my little slice of spacetime.Anyone else like weighing themselves? Personally, I think it is a benign habit, but should be held subordinate to overall health and fitness goals. It's just a number, really.
You can get a good dumbbell set for  bucks what the have you been doing? Buying doorags and Popeyes?
It's  AM and my ladyfriend is sleeping literally five feet away, but I will post shirtliss pics if you're into that kinky shit. Lemme know bb
You absolutely should be lifting while cutting to prevent muscle loss. And lifting heavy.You're a moron. You're not trying to lose weight then. You're trying to exchange one source of weight for another.If your objective is to lose weight you're not doing that by replacing fat deposits with protein deposits. The only way to burn fat is to force your body to go into a state that converts fat into sugers which is a net loss in gain because it spends a lot of energy to reconvert it. Even then there is an entropic ratio required to maintain your muscles without it converting protiens instead of fat, so you have to keep ingesting carbs at a rate that prevents deposits of fat or consuming muscle proteins.You can't have your cake and eat it.
I'm pretty sure thyroid issues are hereditary. Hop on that shit, good luck
Source: science backed basic weight loss and nutrition knowledge. Your metabolism slows and your TDEE goes down as you age, because of decreased activity.Want to know how to increase metabolism and TDEE? Exercise. Train like you're . The simple mechanics of weight loss/weight gain remain the same, regardless of age. Find your TDEE, track your calories, weigh yourself often, adjust as needed until you're losing/gaining  lb per week or more.Literally a monkey could figure this stuff out, but you brainlets think it's rocket science.
Stupid fuck. I said prevent muscle loss.You can help prevent muscle loss in a deficit by lifting weights and eating more protein, WHILE LOSING FAT.Get the fuck out of here. Come back when you learn the basics.
Literally doing this for the past  months. Can confirm.

Jews did covid /
Yeah, just eating loads more and no where near as much cardio as usual.
You need to find what make you put on weight.If you avoid sugar it's a good start. Too much fat ? Too much process food ? Alcohol ?
I am seriously considering buying a treadmill because I have too many people gunning for me to walk outside.
more like sudden faith gainamenwhat are the consequences of  billion people sitting inside and not moving.me thinks early death
My fucking god do you sacrifice brain fat for muscle gain too? Learn to fucking read the thread you smooth-brained retard.OP is trying to lose weight.
Treadmill is worth it for when its pissing it down with rain. I usually just use the one at the gym though
Accidentally deleted a number can confirm basic biologyNothing to do with what OP is asking for.
well, than its time to make your own food, and you take over the cooking.
I hadn't thought of rain. Thanks anon. I had a gym membership but I quit. Too many people being sassy.
Fasting helped me focus better. I'm on OMAD and my large meals make me feel more foggy than if I just didn't eat (food coma). If hunger causes you to be light headed or fatigued, your body is just not fat-adapted yet.
Take out all dairy, if you get hungry mid afternoon. Nips of scotch whiskey on icegood luck
FUCK YES I have. I used to fast regularly and would easily lose - lbs of weight every day fasting. I know it's not all fat, but the fact is I'm hydrated and eating regularly as I always have but now instead of - lbs, it's fucking  lb if I'm lucky. I don't understand what the fuck happened but the weight ain't coming off anymore. Something's changed.
intermittent fasting every dayits not  any more
I warehouse job has not been affected by the coolie cough and neither has my dietSo, no
The first time you fast is always when the most changes happen. Fasting causes you to flush out dead gut flora along with water weight loss. The first time I ever fasted, I had massive diarrhea for the first - days.  lb a day is completely normal afterwards.
You can lose weight being a vegetable sitting on a hospital bed. OP's issue is that his exercise regiment declined because of covidhysteria but he didn't change his diet to compensate. His body was tuned to in a way and now its out of tune. That's all there is to it.Exercise, be it present or future, is not an excuse to stuff your face with calories.Faith without knowledge is ignorance.A vice is without virtue.
No, you're just American.
Kek
You're a real dumb fuck. Read my post again dipshit. OP CAN LOSE FAT (WEIGHT) WHILE MAINTAINING MUSCLE, you absolute fucking brainlet.Even the biggest noobies to fitness know this. It's like one of the most basic fucking things you learn.HOW are you so fucking retarded?Source:https://legionathletics.com/how-to-lose-body-fat/ctrl + f "How to Lose Body Fat and Not Muscle:Follow a High-Protein Diet"Read from that point down. TLDR; Moderate deficit.  High protein diet. Strength training. Use cardio sparingly.
No it's , and intermittent fasting is how % of our ancestors lived.
Ah really that might explain it then. It's just weird because I used to fast a lot a couple years ago and even over several months I still kept losing a ton of weight just after the first day of a fast and definitely got the liquid shits a plenty. But now nothing. Nothing happens. It's so weak and slow I hate it.
Why are you.obsessed with your height like a nigger is obsessed with his dick?
not in the past  years or so.portion control
I've seen a reduction in my waistline while my weight has remained the same. Just lift, fast, and stop eating industrial seed oils brah.
Yeah, I've been on OMAD for the last  months and it was just until a month and a half ago when it started slowing down a lot. Went from losing - pounds a month to -, albeit I've been slightly less physically active during that time. I've definitely been feeling a bit "drier," if that makes any sense. It's like my body has filtered out most of the excess volume it's stored throughout the course of my life. It could also be due to the fact that I'm approaching normal BF levels so my body is becoming less fat-adapted and my metabolism is slowing as a result.
Hahahhahaha Absolutely insanely stupid mutt
And yet the human body has not yet adapted to eat grains or dairy, so yes portion control will help the fact remains that the human body is still better adapted to regular fasting.
Give your digestive system and entire body a break anon, it's begging you
OP IS TRYING TO LOSE WEIGHT ENTIRELY.
Yah but unfortunately I ate a half a watermelon right before I started gaining weight so I can't blame it on the kikes.
I'm glad mike is dead.He was a pedophile.
Lost weight. Lost my appetite -my cooking sucks and I'm not interested in learning about that topic, that's what a woman's for. So i eat as infrequently as i can get away with. Been in the house since jan , still plenty of supplies left, i ain't catching kungflu so no takeaway for me and def no chink food.
You’re stupid and a tryhard and this thread is gay and your shit is all retarded
use cardio sparinglyGod damn recipe for heart disease. Kill yourself already.
What fantasy work do you fucking live in faggot.It sounds fun and like no one has to actually accomplish anything to feel good about themselves!
Ok, mrs bond.
Gained  kgs.
I'm still a hungry skeleton
Fuck you. You sound like a jannie faggot. I hate all of you. I've been b&  times in the last month for literally nothing.
Wanna avoid weight gain?Eat like a Type- DiabeticI think you meant a Type- diabetic.
Need some potatoes mate?
I am fatty because of jews: the thread.You being ridiculous /pol/. By responsible of yourself.
or diaryStop this meme. Humans are adapted to eat diary. Only third-world retard genes (ie Jews) have lactose intolerance because they were not advanced in technology until white people colonized and showed them how to culture food and animals.https://www.languagesoftheworld.info/uncategorized/global-geography-milk-consumption-lactose-intolerance.html
You stupid fuck lol. You don't even realize how fucking dumb you are. OP doesn't want to lose muscle. NO ONE IN THEIR RIGHT MIND wants to lose muscle.He CAN lose weight while maintaining his muscle. He's a gym fag.It's really simple dipshit. Fat mass goes down, muscle mass stays more or less the same (you lose a very slight amount if done right).Does the overall weight go up, down, or stay the same? Answer right now. Answer RIGHT FUCKING NOW you fucking brainlet.
i do.
Did you know consciousness plays a key factor in the outcome of your life. There are definitely other factors to include, but your mindset plays a huge role. Change the way you're thinking. Focus on your goals, do not focus on the things that you do not want to happen. Do you drink beer?
OP didn't state that. You're the one projecting.You can't lose weight by replacing fat with muscle.You can't lose weight without starving yourself.Stop peddling your pseudo-science.
You ’” kids remind me of me before I hit th grade. Gooood fun as a little fella
Heavy cardio is a meme. Literally killing all gains by doing too much. Also, too much is worse for your heart than a moderate amount. Once again, you prove how fucking dumb you are and how little you know about fitness.
I’m ’” and gained lb, but just dropped  with one meal a day fasting.
You don't even necessarily need a high protein diet. I've been consuming - calories the past  months mostly eating carbs, and I haven't noticeably lost much muscle and my strength is still the same. I even gained strength in other areas that I was neglecting before. As long as you work out regularly, your body will naturally try to preserve as much muscle as possible as an adaptive mechanism.
No where did I say anything about replacing fat with muscle, dipshit.Although have you heard of body recomposition? Look it up retard.Answer the question. Does the weight go up, down, or stay the same?
Catch a fucking grip of yourself https://www.arthritis.org/health-wellness/healthy-living/nutrition/healthy-eating/dairy-and-inflammation
manlet soiboy bitch
It's according really. If you're skinny, when you start lifting weights, you'll gain weight. If you're fat and you start lifting weights you increase your metabolism, so you'll begin to lose weight and gain muscle mass.
I am thinking my gf could be spiking my foodThis is the most embarrassing shit I’ve read all week. Imagine not only being a fat boy potato body like this faggot, but also being verifiably retarded to boot. muh girlfriend be spiking muh grits with more grits...and... steroids You’re so fucking stupid I have to hope this is bait
Ugly motherfucker is looking dumb asf. I bet he thinks he looks cool too.*cringe*
Try some harder running.
This is true. But it's highly important to lift while you're doing it, which is my entire point. I still don't recommend eating that little, you're probably losing muscle and not noticing it that could be prevented.
I know it must make you uncomfortable and upset to see that grape drink and fried chicken wasted but I promise you there is more out there tyrone.
ANSWER THE FUCKING QUESTION BITCH.
Wait, i just read the part where you think you can't lose weight without starving yourself. AHAHAHAHHAHAHA. This is a fatty. I'm talking to a fat person. BAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAA. Again, answer the question motherfucker. Does the weight go up, down, or stay the same?

Same. CoronaChan she has fattened me up.
No where did I say anything about replacing fat with muscle, dipshit.You're not a human. You're a sinful animal obsessed with a purposeless image that I can destroy with a tool.You deny knowledge to sate your meaningless self-constructed fantasy.You are mentally ill.Again if you have inflammatory problems with lactose you either have shit third-world genes causing your body to send false-signals or you have leaky-intestine-syndrome result of shit genes or poor microbiome health.No you won't gain weight by simply lifting weights. You'll tear your muscles and unless you maintain a diet to repair those muscles you'll lose weight. You need to be able to maintain protein consumption with carb-energy in a way that repairs muscle without depositing fat. Obviously you can do both if the goal is to gain weight entirely, but getting rid of fat without losing muscle proteins is more difficult than just losing fat. There's no quick way to lose fat that isn't a quicker way to lose muscle mass.If you're fat you need to starve yourself so that those deposits are converted into carbs without exceeding the ratio of energy that the rate of fat-to-sugar conversion is enough to prevent siphoning proteins from your body.Eating will not help you gain weight if your body will not store it, be it fat or protein. You must give your body a reason to store it, or spend it.The literal easiest way to control your weight is to not consume alcohol and maintain your intestinal microbiome so that it doesn't recklessly produce alcohol. If your microbiome is healthy and under control you will never over-eat. If its not, your microbiome will try to control you and make you eat what it wants you to eat even if it makes you sick.
The Preppers Won
Prepping for what?
The new normal
I dunno, whatever's coming. It's looking more and more like this is the moment the preppers were preparing for.
Been a prepper my whole life, boy scout motto was "Be Prepared".The key to prepping is to do a little at a time. Buy a few extra cans of food when grocery shopping, check the dates and make sure they have a couple of years left. Next time buy a couple of camping/dehydrated meals. Next time buy a decent water purifier.Go to gun shows, or make friends with gun enthusiasts, they are always looking to sell some of their guns to buy their new toy.Buy a book on herbal medicine.Buy a book on survival medicine.Its a state of mind before its a stockpile.
Preppers are flighty faggotsGet fit, get trained, learn a skill. Wars aren't won by hiding
Ammo easy to find if you know where to look. Gotta order it online if it’s legal in your state. I’ve got  rounds of mm FMJ and JHP coming in Monday and you can’t find quality ammo anywhere in my area

Yep. I'm trying to stay ahead of the curve by grabbing an inverter & solar before anyone starts to think about it.Had guns and packed ammo well before pandemic.Packing tons of flour and rice.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HdfgKCpIdTwThis video is INSANELY important to understand what is about to occur.Pucker up boi
Can you really defend yourself with a .?
.s have the highest kill per round than any other round in the world. Hollowpoint . LR will kill any man
Can confirm. One of my pistols is a mousegun,  HP expands all the same.Do not scoff at a loaded weapon.
Looks like we are pretty fuckedI guess you should kill yourself
And it's been a waste of time all those years until perhaps very soon. But that's the thing, isn't it? It's always "very soon".
? . hurricane Ike. was without power for  weeks+. never again will i get caught unprepared.
That spoke to me
And it's been a waste of time all those yearsHasn't been for me, hurricane sandy flooded my city and cut my power for weeks and I don't even live near the coast, that shit paid off big time.
. kills more people than any other round every year.. takes the longest for someone to die from, bigger calibers cause catastrophic blood loss quickly.. is the best for shooting nigger/zombie hoards and survival, most people back away and run once bullets start flying.Mobs tend to disperse quickly when the people at the front all go down and shots are being fired.You can carry tons of ammo and it doesn't weigh a lot, its easy to shoot, and you can find it everywhere.
Honestly no. I rotate the food out regularly, and the freeze dried stuff has a  year shelf life.I like guns and shoot regularly so it feeds my hobby.I camp regularly so the water filters come in nice then.Feels good knowing I have extra to fall back on and can protect my family if things turn sour.Prepping should be practical and you should never waste your money on things you wouldn't use anyway.
Careful planning and explosives can get you everything you need post collapse. Keep a level head, and you'll be fine.
, el oh fucking elAmmo supply is totally fucked for the time being.
Can you tell me if these .'s are any good and if they can still be easily found this cheap?https://www.shootingillustrated.com/articles////-budget-priced--rifles-under-/
.s have the highest kill per round because they're cheap and the firearms that use them are cheap. It will kill though.
Solar started having supply issues in early February. I know, I was buying.It is waaaay to late for people to seriously get all kinds of shit.
It's true. Based Jew prepperhttps://youtu.be/syElMXmdjohttps://youtu.be/DUSdVuTaM
I would rather be shot with a . than with a . any day of the week. If you are going to shoot me with a . please make sure it has at least  or higher grain.
. ammo itself is dodgy on supply again. Not as bad as -, but if you are buying you need to be ready to drop like - bucks for a good sized stash of ammo. It's about doubled in price since Feb.
Is pic related any good?
Wars aren't won by hidingThey also aren't won by retards who only have  mags worth of ammo and no mre's
Remington is shit and I own a , just get a / it is the best on that list.
Two or three . hollowpoints to the guts would be a horribly painful and drawn out way to die.
Thanks, anon
Can't go wrong with a /
lol based
it will do the job I guess, a bullet is a bullet. But look up .  or the .  round, you may need to acquire a new rifle that can chamber the round. Larger . round look similar to . ammo just a little smaller but same shape.
ctrl+f winchester wildcatno results
Forgot to add, those rounds will stay inside the victim and fester unless you dig them out which is what cause the real damage.
“Hello fellow preppers”
My point was this : I want the bullets to go through me and not get stuck inside.
FOR YOUhttps://www.shootingillustrated.com/articles////review-winchester-wildcat--lr-rifle/
how bad is it in the states? does it really feel like this is it?
Does anyone think that something is going to go down like shtf type stuff in the fall with the election? im worried for this and am very very unprepared

Its a state of mind before its a stockpile.Based anon.
Does anyone think that something is going to go down like shtf type stuff in the fall with the election?I'm pretty sure those who don't think that's a possibility are a minority at this point.
Buy a few extra cans of food, check the datesjfc, tinned stuff doesn't go off anon.
I try to stick with accessories made by the gun maker. This is a Ruger  round side-by-side mag. It's heavy, but switching twice beats five times.I've been prepping since the th century. Yeah, the . can be lethal. You should shoot yourself with them over time in order to build up tolerance to larger calibers.
I am extremely comfy.
I don't get how people don't take their survival seriously whatsoever. That's modernity for ya. I wasn't even a prepper or militiaman type person growing up I just saw the statistics of the hordes of mongrels in our country, their general behavior, and the hordes still coming in  million per year and told myself the minute I can buy a gun I'm going to arm myself because this shit is not going to end well.Modernity has blinded people so badly they got comfortable forgetting basic things like surviving in a hostile concrete jungle. .LR isn't going to help you though outside of it being cheap ammo with zero recoil. If you want to make some asshole feel pain in a slow death process I guess it works but if you don't have a military grade rifle at this point you're probably fucked. Best start prepping for close defense like a pistol or shotgun.
I thought their motto was always keep your mouth shut unless my cock is near it
what do you think is going to happen in the coming months/ years anon
Feels normal for me but shit could turn at any time
what do you predict
Maybe that was case at the Cub Scout club that you ran...
You've never seen a rusty or swollen old can, m?
Yes. I went to a gun store on saturday and the place was pretty much empty. Usually,hindreds of pistols and rifles would be,in,display cases and hanging on the wall. There were no,more than  firearms,in all. The walls were vBare and only two displays had pistols and  people were waiting in line. I just got my ammo and left.
Feeling pretty comfy if I do say so myself but I could always use more of these
Goddamn right I ran that bitch, now it’s your turn to go down under, oz.
Just ordered a /, faglul stock and x BXs. Reviews showed that rd flipper to be less than reliable.
I don't think anyone can tell you that with any confidence. I'm an autistic nerd whose been around the block and the levels of chaos we're seeing now was very similar to a precognitive dream I had around /. Everyone was wondering what would blow up the world and at the time I struggled to explain what I thought as a teen. It wasn't one thing it was just everything. I brushed it off after Iraq didn't lead to the chaos I saw and low and behold  years later I'm seeing exactly what it was like in my vision. I'd say prep for everything but that wont help so keep it simple and focus on personal security, the home front, and finding out who your local allies and possible enemies might be. Keep OPSEC on lockdown and don't share too many details with anyone.It's anecdotal but the feeling I got back then was that there's no way to actually prepare for it if that's the end result, which I hope it isn't but recent events along with a more recent return to spirituality causing me to remember this again has to be some form of synchronicity.
Been prepping since hurricane katrinafuck niggersfuck janniesfuck kikes
lol nodaily life is "fine"they are setting us up for WWIII with china right now tho
how bad is it in the states?Schlimm hansdoes it really feel like this is it?Feels closer than it has in anyone's living memory that I've encounteredThis is the culmination of the treaty of Versailles that was imposed on us in  in the form of various laws that were passedMost people don't understand how close we have come to shit kicking off in recent historyOnce at bundy ranch, if the feds hadn't backed down boomerwaffen would have kicked it offAnother during Trumps last election, if he lost and contested it could have kicked it off, this time around he's lost the support for any such challenge, maybe subject to changeAt this point any variety of events could set it off, most likely well become an ungovernable population, travel to many cities will become unsafe, the supply chain will break down, and the price of a harem will be safe shelter, a water source, and a box of lightersI envy your countrySüd Tirol ist nicht Italien
True
Kek, what are you doing with your cans when they're even like that?If the can is fine, then the food is fine, and the can will be fine, indefinitely, as long as you don't store it like you're a complete smoothbrain.
Yeah that will probably be a very short war if it would come to that. Maybe that's why bannon created meme china with those soccer playersI wish the US wouldn't be such a wild west. So many places I would like to visit. Stay safe burgers, fuck nigs
I wish the US wouldn't be such a wild west.I don't.That's what makes it fun.
Not a prediction, I know for certain we will have more of what we have now, which is anarcho tyranny, but progressively more amplified as time goes on. There's so many things happening right now that it seems inherently unstable but unless the JIT system breaks at some point, which it very well could, it'll probably be more of the same just more intense.I think if trump wins then expect a major chimpout, if biden wins expect antifa and blm to calm down. But regardless of who wins I expect more lockdowns, more economic devastation and the implicit police state, along with anti white hostility, to continue to steadily become more explicit and draconian towards normies.
I hope you get botulism you filthy Anglo fuck
Pull your pin out then faggot cunt... Go on. Tell me if i need to bring the pepper shaker.
indefinitelyI'll take "what is acid" for $, alex.
So many places I would like to visit.Stay out of our shit hole big cities and you'll be fine. Try a (reputable) bus tour of blue highways, see the old west.
Don’t get a . either get a . AR- or a mm Glock . Even better get both. Then get yourself a fuck ton of ammo and whatever money you have left over use for training.
Prepping is pretty much pointless unless you have a group of like-minded people ready to start a new society from scratch. I think this is one of the reasons (apart from comfort of living) that many people shy away from it. Among the things you mentioned about basic survival the most important aspect that we have forgotten is actually law and order. We've relied on these enormous governments to tell us what's right/wrong and what to do and how to do it etc, that now % of the population could not form a workable society on their own. The key part will be (as you said about yourself) whether people return to organised religion/spirituality en masse. Say what you will about Christianity, it did bring brought order and organised Civilisation to the European peoples
Don’t listen to the other retards. . won’t do shit. People have been shot with . before and didn’t even know they’ve been shot until later when they saw the bullet hole. Only fudds think a . will actually do anything besides piss off whoever you shot.
Then get yourself a fuck ton of ammo at ¢ and ¢ a round, or more, for  and mm, respectively.I'd say something here but I enjoy having access to abundant and affordable ammo so instead I'll just agree.
I wish the US wouldn't be such a wild westI wish it was the wild westIt's more a cross of Weimar Berlin and BrazilSo many places I would like to visit.My  shekelsIf you go to see/do outdoor stuff its still pretty damn awesome and most of the imported pets don't partake in such activitiesPast  years skiing I've seen a total of  negroes and a few rich castizos from various SA countriesHiking never see anyStay safe burgers, fuck nigsProst
most of the imported pets don't partake in such activitiesJews are now kvetching about the outdoors saying it needs to have more niggers amd spics because whites can't have any respite from them.
Any unironic preppers on /pol/? You're probably pretty comfy right now.veryjust waiting for those evictions to start up in the states nowI've got cash stacked up ready to buy a house when the prices come down to reality
If you don't have a gun in the era whereA gigantic cube x the size of earth is on the sunAn unstoppable respiratory virus is spreading globally Packs of feral n words roam the streets looting and assaulting people Locusts are threatening good supply chains Global tensions are at an all time high The you're decades behind in prepping
You should shoot yourself with them over time in order to build up tolerance to larger calibers.You're a Dipshit
plebbit spacingAre you retarded? How can you take that seriously, it's clearly a joke. Go be an SJW on plebbit faggot
I understand it's a very popular caliber among pro hitmen because it's relatively discreet.
We are having the last laugh. Enjoy your fake virus and fake E.T phone home kiddie crap. Also be sure to go through your dogmatic ritual of voting in your puppet elections brought to you by Tel Aviv that make no difference either way.
Everyone I know irl is scared, you can feel it in the air sometimes
The bull
A gigantic cube x the size of earth is on the sunTHE BORG
how bad is it in the states? does it really feel like this is it?WWor dystopian hellhole.

It is pretty comfy to be somewhat prepared. Too bad I am moving from my family farm to a major Finnish city for university studies. Now I need to prepare an all season quick run bag suitable for a hundred kilometer hike back home.
I got a Glock  mm. Is there a huge difference between the Glock  and ?
Forget the prepping. What really amazes me is that Americans don't save up. No matter how much they make, they just spend more on useless stuff, take out a bunch of loans. And then even the slighttest crisis hits and you are caught with your pants down, begging the government to bail you out.
OP: Thread Themehttps://youtu.be/GdOhYroLN
Packs of feral n words roam the streets looting and assaulting peoplen wordsWhere do you think you are, nigger-sucker? Go back. We don't want you.
If you have to ask, then you are the first to die.
I'm losing my mind, my family doesn't want to do anything to prepare.My dad and brother watched baseball and played video games all afternoon. If I suggest we discuss plans they will accuse me of being paranoid and tell me to fuck off.
literally stocked up years ago and people said I was crazy
This, still continuing to get stuff while I can though
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgoXuWJcnhpjf is the shit
there is enough time for you and yes i know that this is a shill post

I have transcended the cooming. I'm a space coomer now. All this years of coo... prepping.I can handle everything the world throw at me and coom on it. Antifas, commies, niggers, muslims, will all drown in my cum.For Slaanesh !
Get a good bike bro and you can make that hike in a few hours. Id recomend a  inch mountainbike for all weathers
Death by BBC
t.retard from  that stumbled on a time machine
Waiting for another “shot heard around the world” kinda situation. If antifa and feds clash and bullets fly then yeah expect all hell to break loose
what was the vision?
NOT IF YOU SHOOT YOURSELF WITH SMALLER CALIBERS FIRST, I WORKED MY WAY UP FROM BB'S NOW I CAN TAKE A FULL MM TO THE CHEST EASY
Its honestly not too late to start. We haven't even gone full SHTF yet.While we still have easily accessible internet, lurk /k/ AND /t/ read up on the prep threads they have.
Pic related in all stores in my state and I'm in the middle of the fucking midwestI don't think its gonna go full SHTF honestly, but I do think hard times are ahead
oh no not the prego(tm) pasta sauce! The end times are nigh
grabbing an inverter & solarwish I had gotten one while I could have. dont forget a battery and a battery controller.
http://theeconomiccollapseblog.com/archives/there-are-nationwide-shortages-of-aluminum-cans-soda-flour-canned-soup-pasta-and-rice
The crucifixion of George Floyd
Remember when we joked about "Saint Floyd"?
Unbelievable.
wew lads this just gets worse doesn't it.... next thing they tell us is that he is God himself
anon has never read a Christian websiteThey literally do this with everything. Current news events, movies, literature, history. Fucking everything relates somehow, no matter how much they twist it.

George FloydGeorge from the jungleStrong but he can't breeeveGeorge FloydGeorge of the jungleWatch out for that knee
I'm a fentanylbyterian. Have you heard the word of our nigga and savior, Saint Fentanyl Floyd?He died across the pavement for your gibs.Repent and cast aside the devices of the Orange One!
I take a knee for Saint Floyd.
both their fathers are ghosts.Damn they have more in common than I thought.
bump
George FloydGeorge from the jungleStrong but he can't breeeveGeorge FloydGeorge of the jungleAs high as he can be
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bZJxRimk
pottery
This new denomination of christianity is pretty lit tbqhfamalam.
Except Jesus was an innocent sinless being meanwhile Floyd was your average black man.
What the actual fuck? now he is a fucking hero or some shit, fucking saint?he was a fucking criminal.fuck niggers and fuck Americans who allowed this shit.
watch out for that knee
achualy, Jesus die robin’ a licker stow.raycis ass Ro-mans put a nee on he nek ‘n shieet
Someone ask them to specify who killed Christ
Fuck that nigger. I laughed watching him die. All niggers should be treated like the fuckin savage animals they are
I think they surf /pol/ for ideas honestly. You guys have some really great ones.
This is pretty goddamn gay
you blasphemous nigger. I'm not even Christian and I'm offended you would conflate the good lord with a fucking junkie nigger. What the actual fuck?
this is why God left us
Christcucks get the rope
use to we called atheists infidels degenerate
Jesus was also a thief and dug user. George is the second coming.

two men of color killed by the white establishment for victimless crimesPowerful.
cause the bitch didn't know his father.
Jesus was a myth invented by the authorities to manipulate the lives and behavior of millions of people. George Floyd is ...
One was supposedly the son of god, the other a common variety of north american pavement ape.
Floyd looked down and crued for mommy, and Christ looked to Heaven and asked his Father to forgive his fake news slaughter
Who THE FUCK do they think they are?Comparing a criminal, a drug addict, a felon, a NIGGER to the Son of God? This is fucking infuriating. In  I became more and more blackpilled but this year I hit some sort of critical blackpill mass and came out the other side and I just get more and more angry.JESUS CHRIST IS KING.GEORGE FLOYD IS A NIGGER.AND HE IS IN HELL.WHILE CHRIST REIGNS IN HEAVEN.
oh that's why dictators always wanna stamp out his teachings instead of using them to control people... hmm makes sense
And it's a Jesuit magazine.
IDIOTS
Ok this getting ridiculous. Comparing him to Jesus? Was Jesus a drug addicted criminal passing fake bills and robbing pregnant women by putting a gun to her pregnant belly? This reeks of kikery, reeks of some jewish bullshit,
George George Floyd of the jungleStrong but he can't breatheAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHWatch out for that knee!
George Floyd was dying of complications from drug addiction before the cops even got there. These people claiming to be Christians are just repeating lies and it's sick.
They will regret writing this article.
People who think like this need to be ostracized from society. Put them in a retard clinic or a facility capable of electo-shock therapy.
Only one was a nigger
(((Jesuit))). I bet it's written by a jew.
Jesus taught people to be good, love your neighbors and GodFloyd was druggie who shoved drugs in his ass,was a pornstar and a criminalFucking kikes, they really hate Christ
George, georgeFloyd of the jungleStrong but he cant breatheAHHHHHHHHHHHWatch out for that knee!!

He’d cry out to his father too, but he doesn’t know who that is.
You're not thinking at a large enough scale. Biblical.
And Floyd had a son he never knew as well, apparently. Symmetry.
this is the nd time ive seen these dirty niggers compare Floyd to jesus. freemason niggers
what utter shite
I remember when Jesus held a sword to Mary Magdalene's pregnant belly and demanded  pieces of silver...The mental backflips it takes to understand modern (((reporters)))
Based leaf. No rake for you today borther.Dead niggers are the best niggers. Particularly when they are young. There's nothing quite like watching these videos of nigger parents abusing their young mongrels to death. Past, present, and future all being validated and improved in one video.
I remember whst my papa told me. I remember what my papa told me. Blasphemy.t. Some dead nigger
Fuck Jesuits, fuck the kike pope.
Do you think George would have called for his father if he had one?
Probably never knew his father so it makes sense
jesus was a fentanyl addicted convicted gang banger who robbed a pregnant woman at gun point?i guess i really have to read the Bible at some point
just give it a few hundred years
taking anything the Jesuits say seriouslyI knew op was a fag but damn...
bump
bump
Is he the antichrist, or is the average black man so destructive that they can be compared to a biblical disaster?
Dixie cup of watermelon flavored malt liquor This is the blood of ChristKFC chicken leg This is the body of Christ
If you only knew how bad things really are.
Knees be upon him. Amen.
dindu nuffins amen
maybe not the antichist, but that golden casket they buried him in was not a mistake or being flashy. the whole thing was a ritual. its all esoteric shit
When I said BLM/"anti racism" was the new religion I was somewhat kidding. Holy fuck
George Floydpiece of shit and his death is celebrated by everyone.
bump
Then they offered him wine mixed with myrrh, but he did not take it. (Mark :)Jesus was offered a narcotic to dull the pain and refused.Floyd was complaining he couldn't breathe before he was ever on the ground because of all the fentanyl in his system.Exactly the same.
Think Jesus knew his father
Yeah they're so alike, I remember well the story of how Jesus died from a overdose induced heart attack.
remember the time jesus pulled a gun on a pregnant woman?me either.
Is this how christianity got formed? Was some random kike hanged on a stick for eating baby penises but then they claimed him messiah
His killer was drugs in the anus that he put there
Floyd died for his own sins
Revelations II : and Floyd said all upon thee whom a woke fentanyl should be consumed to excess.
To put Floyd at the same level as Jesus is blasphemy. That nigger died from drug overdoes
son just don't even start
George Floyd = martyrCanceling = witch hunts Racists = heathens Trayvon, MLK, Obama = untouchable icons
The Sunrise Movement and other cultural marxist groups have been waiting for a weak point to launch this attack. George Floyd is nothing more than a conduit for the bolshevik revolution.
No one was joking. These people have been acting exactly like a religion for a while now.
Floyd died for his own sinskek
are they trying to discredit their "cause"? kek
mommy
Imagine giving your life for niggers to have a place in the bus and then they put you at the same level as a hobo high on fentanyl.
Fentanyl Floyd cried out for his drug dealer.
little known fact, Jesus was also high Fentynl, cocaine and meth, tried to pass off  fake shekels, had covid  for over a month and walked around in public, the crucifixion is what killed him, it was the Praetorians being too rough with him that killed him
the crucifixion isnt what killed him
bump
another similarity: they both fucked prostitutes
ia george floyd the anti christ? the second coming?
You shut that pepperoni mouth you son of a bitch
mfw
We all know jesus also robbed and threatened pregnant women to kill their babies
Based ol' timey folk.
bump
pepperoni is a full blown american thing
According to the bible itself, Jesus was some commie converting non-Hebrews and telling them they should demand to be treated as equals in a Hebrew ethno state in a period of time where Hebrews were conquered and vanquishing. He was literally helping Somalians settle in the middle east and saying "we're all jews" and got killed precisely because of that. Christianity is a dindu cult, so what better saint than George Floyd.
Yeah fucking duh it’s not that hard to see the reason it parallels is because it’s the same thing Christians are the retarded precursors to progressives.
Christcucks....Your religion is kinda responsible for this
And (((who))) did the mocking?
Same thing they did with MLK, canonizing his life. The only two birthdays we had celebrated up till MLK day had been the father of our country and the birth of Christ. Its culture war and we're losing
I cannot belive this happening over a drugged up career criminal who robbed pregnant women, scum of the highest order. America is fallen. Clearly the brown goy cattle population has hit critical mass.
You will join the nigger in hell for being a RACIST Serves you well playing with these jewish religions' rules
How about you read the bibble before making up your head cannon along the way
bump
Both KILLED BY JEWS. OK i can get behind this.JEWS DID THIS
Gold plated pyramid when?
MUH FICTION BOOKYou worship money. Nothing else. Stop lying to yourself.
Just lay back and enjoy the show, it won't last for long
In fact he has ressurected now, I saw him yesterday on the street with neck wounds while he was vomiting after huffing jenkem

Comparing a drug addled violent black man to Jesus is blssihrny
*blasphemy
capitalist JEW media is manipulating Christians to do their bidding despite the fact that capitalism kills whites and christians.
Floyd didn’t know his father else he would have too.
stfu miga nigga.
are they trying to discredit their "cause"? kekNo. Normies unironically see this as inspirational. Spending too long in this place gives you the false impression that the average normie views the world the same way a /pol/lack does. Normies hate white men and love niggers and jews. They blame all the problems of the world on white men and want to see us all die. Messages like this floyd-jesus thing, that make you feel sick, are reasonable, and even logical to the average normie.This is a redpill most /pol/lacks will never properly swallow.
considering current pope this might be serious
Calling motherNot parentskek
TGDG/ #297 - Welcome Back! Chairman XI Edition
Fuck you Gary
Why do you guys think bat soup is not good. It's quite delicious, you should try it.
cities flooded : Honhonhon, still ?How many jours has it been coincé at ? dèyz,  dèyz ?Cette nothing rivière has dried up
When will this damn dam be damned
Possible manipulation in the second stream of the wall which has a gap on the side stream? Second stream: http://gd.mooo.com/video.html
Whatever you say, Xi Pooh-ping
XI'S BACK FOR MORE EVERYBODY
Thanks for the bump XiWe have an infinite supply of bread, btw
if korea anon is kind, he would draw dam-chan getting torn half by a dragon, with her lower half being fucked.i need it.
         

egg drop soup
 threads is embarassinggoes to show how desperate you are and how bad you are at predictions, hoping and craving for collapse of China via some miracle. In reality, the rise of China is happening due to the heroic labor and sacrifice of the Chinese people. Its not going to be canceled by Trump, dam, flood or anything of that. This world is just and the efforts of Chinese people build the strong foundation for the rejuvination of Chinese nation - that foundation will last for millenia.Meanwhile - America is already rotting from the inside. They deliberatelly kill their own past and the future, making sure they don't have any giants to stand on their shoulders, making sure they don't see far into the future
gap in wall
I admit it, I laughed
are you saying dam will collapse at thread number #
gap does not exist on the bush pics
Goddamn it, Xi. Go fuck around with Christopher Robin or Eeyore.
wrong pic
Hi Xi. Glad you came back Xi. What does it feel like when we call you Winnie the Pooh, Xi?


The meme is evolving.
REEEEEEEEEEEEE REEEEEEEEE REEEE??REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEREEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Look, guys, I'm posting here to get away from work, as it's been quite stressful lately. There is no need to call me Xi, it's quite obvious I'm not Xi as I've already explained to you. The chance of me being Xi is virtually zero. I have my own opinions that you may not like, but at the end of the day, we can simply respect each other without calling each other Xi. I'm not Xi, I'm just like one of you guys, a low-key internet user. I've already made that clear in the previous thread. I don't like Xi Jinping, I think he is a petty bureaucrat, what's the point of all this charade.
Good evening, I should hope everyone is comfy right now.
i'm saying you will have these threads up untill  and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen and then you going to make  threads next year, and nothing will happen
KekI want in German and Spanish tooWhat would be the Gary name in German? In Spanish I think Carlos
why yes.quite comfy.
Show your real flag along with a picture and time stamp, Xi Pooh-ping.
I'm just like one of you guys, a low-key internet userSorry Xi, this isn't reddit. We're not like that here. Chaos and low-key cannot go into the same sentence.I don't like Xi Jinping, I think he is a petty bureaucratDon't put yourself down so much, Xi, everyone has their weak points.
t. Xi
Show flag now Xi
Has anything happened since yesterday?
I'm at work right now, I can't do that I am afraid. Maybe during a coffee break or something. But here you go, here is my flag. It's not Chinese, see, I'm just like one of you guys, a European.I am not fucking Xi Jinping, stop calling me that, it's so tiresome. Fuck China, fuck the Chinese, Taiwan number one. See? I am NOT Xi Jinping.
dude, the rain already cut  gorges out of whole mountains in the same place.your rain of cope cant even cut a fart in an elevator
goes to show how desperate you are and how bad you are at predictionsFunny, you faggots said the exact same thing about the Coronavirus when /cvg/ started taking off in December. You called it a nothingburger and denied it at every opportunity. Who is really bad at predictions? Learn to swim Chang.
Your digits. More rain. And Xi himself has graced us with his presence in the past two threads to personally deflect all criticism of the dam that was made with shoddy materials and workmanship.
Xi Jinping looked disgusting--memeflag protruding--in his posts before /pol today. Very very disrespectful.
Rare flag
nothing will happenAs if  cities being flooded is not already a "happening". These floods of biblical and you deserve every drop of water. Learn to swim.
It's the start of more than a week of constant rain. Except Monday.
Kek. Based frog poster
Need to make money off of this. What companies will be AFFECTED BY THE FAILURE OF THIS DAM? I NEED MY MONEY BITCH, WHERES MY MOTHERFUCKING MONEY YOU BITCH
Based Gerard.
.water level steady increase. but we need more rain
Why are single women in their 30s so cringey?
I want to marry one
Are you trying to use irony to be funny?protip: keep trying
For the same reason single men in their thirties are cringy.
but on the other hand they come across as super fake emotionally fragile basket cases who could spin into a manic bipolar episode at any momentthat is who they really arecan't hide by being pretty and young anymore
I'm a desperate  year old male that hasn't been on a date for over  years. And this is supposed to be male prime age
It's just capitalism separating the goyim from the strong.
they look like a "/ in bongland" type
SimpleThey are forced to stop believing their own bullshit
Nah, that's the thing; a decade ago when I was in my early s I was the super cringey beta nice guy who couldn't get laid. But through my s I got a lot of tough lessons the hard way with zero favours attached. And as a result I matured immensely. And now in my s I am very socially switched on and can get laid very easily. Too bad the same can't be said about women my age. It's like over the last decade the tables turned a complete . Now everything that was so repulsive and offensive in my character has been fixed, but everything so switched on and sharp in young females has degraded to the point of utter embarrassing retardation.
Just date girls  years younger than you
They're used up hussies.
In my early s I am really starting to notice single women my age are developing these hideously repulsive personality traits. It’s like they have suddenly all become super socially retarded.All of these 's women tell me I need help because I don't agree with their politics and views. They're all fucking cringy leftist and annoying. Almost all of them have shit jobs and don't make shit. Almost half of them are single mothers.

Nah, not at all. It's more like doubling down on it. You should see some of these femcels. They honestly believe they are a catch, that they are super socially savy and mature and that everyone likes them. But in reality it is the opposite. It's hard to watch.
Sure, but these annoying femcels are still lingering around. You will meet them. Prepare to cringe.
I got an impression, that they don't give a shit about politics, they aren't actually left-wing, they don't say what they really think, they're just trying to avoid possible problems and stay politically correct and in line with the main stream media which is left biassed in the west.
It’s a two way street anon, there is also a lack of emotionally intelligent young men who have their shit together. Porn addiction is also a massive problem that turns mostly men into impulsive, low t, Coomers with ED. The best way out of this is if everyone stops blaming each other and focuses on themselves, try addressing your own flaws and shortcomings before attempting a relationship
I am , and will hit  next month.I hate everyone around my age. I just want a trad zoomer wife, but then I will feel bad for her, since she never got to experience the 's. But then again, every girl I asked out on a date rejected my advances, so I am hopeless in that regard. At the very least, they have some semblance of a good taste if they don't want to be with me.
age is the wrong metric for men nigga. do you lift? do you have a good job? do you have non-stoner non-burnout friends? you can literally get your shit together over a decade and marry a  year old when you're . nothing biological is in the way. women meanwhile get all their value from the formula YOUTH X FITNESS and one of those will forever be degrading after like .
Thanks Dr. Phil, but I already addressed that here You can talk about men and all their problems all you want. But that's not what I posted here in this thread. Even then, the fact is that men get wiser from all the BS (((society))) throws their way. Women seem to just get dumber and more cringey. And when you add age into the equation, the results are really not good, nor sexy in any sense of the word.
men get wiserSome do, most dont I know plenty of men who never matured past adolescence, and they all blame the femazis for their lack of sex appeal
there's tons written about how postmodern feminism has failed women and in turn men and all of society.
Based kangaroo
Any woman over  and single needs to be euthanized.
If you're not married a year out of school you're a faulty human
They are sad and lonely, and spend every night depressed and ignoring what they want. To be married and start a family. Their delusional standards they’ve adopted are a direct result of feminazi indoctrination. They just want a man to speak to them bluntly and dick them down. Once they’ve got that they’ll return to normal.
At around  women who havn't got married or had children start to feel like they failed society.No matter how many of these women gather together, they still cannot shake this feeling.Every day I have to deal with the same thing.drunkfinancially irresponsible no longer able to lure men with sexout of touch with society
Women should be thinking about marrying by the time they hit pubertypeople did that for thousands of years and kiked humanism ruined that for everyone despite girls hitting puberty earlier than ever
Marriage is a meme. Why would I want to be locked in with a woman that will turn ugly in a decade or two?
Pre  women had looks. After  women have nothing.
Uhh, guys... i reallt wanna fuck the slag on the right...
Women are fucked in the head now
That pic of my two sisters foraging makes me so proud.
 years ago me and my dad were at home depo and the woman in front of us bought a giant extravagant dog house and proclaimed "nothing is too good for my snoockums"And after she left my dad turned to me and said "son, as you get older you will find women get 'funny' if they never have a kid"I was  at the time but damn he was right
Ayo, yo pops was wise as shit, son
They’re becoming witches. Just like men become wizards if they’re virgins at , women turn into witches if not married by . Soon they’ll start riding on broomsticks and boiling things in cauldrons.
A decade of hard drinking and awful choices awaits slags like this. It uses them up. If a woman hasn’t settled down by her late twenties she is cooked and will end up as nigger meat or as a cat woman. I am  and have seen so many ladies turn from hot young chicks, into garbage tier basket cases, then into disgusting trolls in their s. Alcohol wrecks women.
Those fry-hogs are rooting them right off the pavement. And that's pajeet tier.
I dunno why they are so cringy and nasty ass. I also dunno why they still think everyone wants some used up old hag. Maybe they should go to their local ghetto, niggers have no standards and with screw anything.
Because you are a man who can run a family like a ship, breed children and send forth a legacy into the future.
This.
Goddamn, they look so successful they make me feel shame
Hang in there anon..
Because all the good women are already married before they hit  so only the shitty ones are left over.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?All the women of any value were filtered out while they were in their s. When women hit their s the single ones are all mental cases, divorcees, single mothers and the lowest quality women.
a trad zoomer wifePut down the crack pipe man, I'm a zoomer, all the girls in my gen are MASSIVE whores. You wouldn't believe the shit that's normal to them or what they consider "trad".

So you were a white-knighting, beta-orbiter, incel in your ’s, and now you’re a Chad. Ok. But Stacy used to feel that way about you when you were . Where is Stacy now? With Chad, whom she met  years ago.
Same man; bet she's an absolute demon in the sack
This chad / stacy shit is so outdated. Modern society is nothing but pure chaos and complete lack of order. Women have no idea how to select mates. There's literal ugly retarded niggers that get / girls.
If you're in your thirties, why the hell are you even looking at women in their thirties? Late teens and early twenties is where you want to be looking at.
I remember when I was in bongland some dude dressed as a woman dropped his pizza slice nearby my shoes, then he picked it up and had a bite, that was surreal.
this
I had a smooth talkin negro tell me its a numbers game . Say Hi to every bitch you see .They already know what you want when you talk to them .Niggero said he gets laid by different chicks x a week . He was giving me advice , not bragging .Now Im giving you , niggero's niggerific "how to get some" advice .
Shiva and ShaktiShiva is the Masculine, the fullest consciousness, the ordering of things.Shakti is the Feminine, raw power itself, Ever chaoticShiva has to give order to the Shakti so she may reach her full power, likewise the Shakti must give Shiva the power to use his consciousness.Men have always been the ones to seek and provide order and thoughtful structuring of things and women have always gotten wet for it and granted us that sweet eternity gash to bestow humanity with more humans(power) so we may order them and give fullest manifestation to our divine ordering.Pyramids mah nigga, men always have to lead women and when we don't order anything shit gets bad.This age is spiritually bereft and structurally bereft thereby we all suffer and women have no clear calling.
Niggers are also inundated with STDs
Question is, were they like that before , or does something happen...Women weren't made to spend a decade or more in a competitive work environment with intermittent casual sex/serial monogamy. Whorish party culture is one part of it but it's something else too. They're acting out the script but not getting the ending they expect.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?They have lots of standards for everyone else to meet , but no standards for themselves to meet because they are always right , even when they are aware that they are fucked up .
Emotional intelligence sounds like such a kike feminist shit test.Men dont need to be "emotional" around women. They need to have a stoic self-respect then the bitch will follow but feminism has put up such hurdles for the prize of a used-up whore that a lot of guys are giving up and turning to porn.
They've always been cringy bro. They just got old and unfuckable so you notice it now
This is true , but Anon said he wanted to get with a girl , not avoid nigger AIDS .
men would line up to get a piece of those womenI want off this planet.
You could also go to Church and meet a nice girl , Anon , and get some religion as a bonus .
What kind of bong doesn't have pride for ye olde slag?
One thing I've found out over the years is that people put up a front to the world. Women, despite the meme about being able to get companionship wherever they want, are often very lonely people. A lot of women in their s have just 'given up' (not really) on dating, men, and hoping to get a husband. Their tools for luring men have become dull. Don't hold this against them. It's your job to be the decider, to quote a great American Philosopher.
Every day man.Can't find a young man with financial security because of the western study culture, sleep around.Seeking wealth and independence, but unable to match the biological appeal of younger girls- seeks older partner with money.Financially secure but without social connections or a stable home, demanding career but no support, at risk of drug abuse.Unchaste with a history of previous partners, likely to rush into a relationship, struggling to contribute socially.Likely to have a child "before it's too late"Work dominated life, in a nominal relationship, unhappy, trying to put down younger colleagues, struggling with domestic finances, infidelity likely, divorce probable.Dug in at whatever level of work achieved, closed group of friends in a similar position, forced to lower moral standards to have sex.Despite high earnings high cost lifestyle reduced savings, reliant on poorly raised children who can't provide much support If there was more full time work and young men were financially stable again, if the economy punished rent-seekers who own all the housing, if education was market driven to stop the rat race to study and local economies were protected from cheap imports we really could fix this.I see the problem as being primarily economic, not political
"Im british" oozes out of those  whores
I'm not British, I'm Northern Irish and our slang is unintelligible.
that's why i married a  year old
It's just like fishing. Can't catch fish if you aren't casting anything to begin with. And if the fish gets away off the hook then cast again until you get the next fish.
My mother had a saying: "if you haven't grown up by age forty, you don't have to". So glad she didn't raise me.
Pretty much. I've seen a few virgin 's marry in their s, it's rare but does happen. But if you're an older bloke and single, get your life together, lift and stop being a creepy beta. Then date younger women. Girls say they're creeped out by older dudes no matter what but they're just saying that. Currently in my s and get looks from HS age girls all the time. It's that authority complex thing. They want a man who's getting after it and who isn't affected by our corrupted and godless culture. A dude who has a bit of backbone! That's why they love 'bad boys', but being a dickhead isn't how you raise a family - this requires a more well-rounded masculinity based on purpose, not selfish desires.
Great Britain flagnot BritishLolParliament would say otherwise
They have reached the stage in their life where they realise their only purpose is to shit out kids.
Is this photoshopped? It looks like someone took the face of a black toddler and placed it on the body of a dyel white  year old.
...and need to rope some retard into it, for the divorce & alimony-jew pay off down the line..
 second rule
different chicks x a week .How the fuck can someone fuck three different whores per week while having a job or any meaningful life at all? Does he spend his entire day on tinderino or something?
Don't come here mate that's pretty much all we have but they turn that way at like  it's a fucking hell and if it wasn't for the cheap aldi drink I'd have disappeared
pic related
Northern Irish people barely constitute as human let alone British
Doesn`t matter.All women are equally trash.
You're right they're the female counterpart to MGTOW losers. Egoism and materialism are false gods.
This is all my friends who aren't married rn.
people age and become less strong/attractive.I'm older than you and don't believe what you read on /pol/ shit is gonna get worse
I know, living here is like living in Eastern Europe.
This is the only right answers. You are supposed to have marry by your early s, then with a job and children.
Except eastern europe has some attractive girls we're like eastern europe if all of it was the Chernobyl exclusion zone
This
This is / in bongland.
you're most certainly retarded. emotional intelligence is a key trait of a good leader
It even has the mutants too, just look at this northern Irish woman
Goddamn, is it really that bad? At least you don't have niggers, right? I mean, you guys are potato niggers, but i mean the black ones
It's the whitest area in the planet. Over % white. Seeing a black person is very very rare here but if you go over the border there's a fuck ton of them now.That said though, there's absolutely no opportunity here, everyone smart fucks off to Australia or America.
You bought INCEL cope lmao
I saw one once, scared the shit out of me I actually did a double take

I know. And no, I am not remotely interested in any of these weird spinster femcels. I just notice them the same one one would notice a burning trainwreck. And there seem to be a lot. It's just amusing to me.  years ago absolutely nothing I ever did or said was good enough for these arrogant cunts. I could do  push ups,  pull ups, could speak  languages, had read a few university text books cover to cover in my spare time, and still I wasn't good enough.Eventually I had a mental breakdown, dropped out of uni, got a job at a warehouse, stopped caring about shit, got a feel for blue collar life, starting becoming more casual, humble, and at ease, grew a beard, and now all I do is work, fish, and drink beer like a bloke. And pussy has never been this simple or easy.Fuck self-improvement. It really is masturbation. No one cares about your hobbies. It's all about attitude and social competence. Even a fat ass can attain it with enough practice. Go to clubs and collect  rejections from  direct approaches. I promise you will get MUCH better with women. Your bench press be damned.But it is funny to see these same bitches ten years on. It ain't pretty, and I don't just mean their looks.
Those women can still fuck. They're just too annoying for some to marry.A true femcel hit the wall so hard she's not recognizable anymore.I know a former trophy wife who tries to get up on my dick all day, but her went away when she hit the wall and I am not about it at all.
Because women do not grow with age. They shape to the male their in a relationship with after . E.g taking on his hobbies, personality traits, views & children. After - (roughly) most women have fully grown intellectually or well their framework has settled. Their base intelligence/abilities/personality traits have settled by the end of s and all that is left is to complete their biological programming. Sadly, if they reject this they go into their s without much of a goal, vision or view. Usually just a worse version of themselves in their s (lost looks etc). While conversely, men will almost always grow in some sort of value (less autistic, more money, social skills and experience). It's very common to speak to a man in his s/s/s even further who has picked up a new hobby, mission or career path. For women this is far rarer. She just doesn't know wtf to do outside of netflix and her hobbies forged in her s only now she has lost her "pretty privilege" which allowed her to perform pretty damn poorly as a human and still get along fine.
because women who hit  and are still single & not highly progressed in their professions are the bottom of the barrel they couldn't manage to bag even the most desperate of guys. The majority of guys in their s who are still single would fall under bachelor category where as women would probably fall into horse girl category. Bottom line men age like a fine wine women age like a cum rag
women expire at .Other than that, women are basically children eternally and the only thing that makes them grow up is having kids (and even that's hit or miss) so nearly every woman you ever meet without kids by  will have secret substance abuse issues and/or psych meds to deal with their mental instability.
On ya mate. The blue collar working environment is also male-dominated, as a result you become more in touch with your masculinity. What it means, requires and looks like to be a man - is % clearer when you hang out with actual men for hours everyday. I've never felt more at home and comfy than at a construction site. The vibe is much better than Uni, not sure why..
Are you a faggot?You talk like u have test levels of a cunt
Maybe you attract the shitty s femcels instead of the based divorcees
but this adds to their undesirability.I would consider dating a responsible woman in her s, if she were a Frauenschaft type (which makes her more trustworthy) but surely not an unstable trashcan for bad choices
What the fuck kind of degenerate place do you live at where women suddenly become ugly at age ? I've been dating the same girl since I was , we're both mid s now, and she is hotter now imo, and definitely at least as hot.
In order for a woman to develop properly, she needs male authority. This means spanking, other forms of physical discipline, and being made to accept her feminine nature, which is a nature of submission. The female is a creature of chaos, and the male a creature of order. The male must order the female's life or else she spirals out, directionless and purposeless.
They are sad and lonely, and spend every night depressed and ignoring what they want. To be married and start a family.And from our point of view the older we get the more we see how braindead stupid as fuck it is to get married and start a family. You're basically signing an agreement to be indebted for life to some bitch who will flip her personality on a whim and leave you a broke old beggar. Every kid you have is an extra $,-, you have to earn over your life to compensate and be enjoying an equal quality of life. No wife and no kids and you can retire without working yourself to death until . I see women my age and I think what the fuck do they have to offer me? I have to work my ass of and be superman to impress them and then I get the privilege of being their government mandated slave. Fuck that shit.
I am , and will hit  next month. she never got to experience the 'sNigger you didn't either
no longer able to lure men with sexthey're always able to do this, no matter how old
I'm just glad we can all agree phones are not to blame. Keep using those phones people! G is coming! Don't want to miss out!
Because your life and goals will have evolved way past that by then because you'll have a family and being locked in with a woman that lost her youth is far better than dying alone and unloved.I've done CNA work before with the elderly, you do not want to die alone. It's horrible when all they have to love in life is an employee that wants to get home by pm and they are scared you won't be there for them when it's time.
he's are nigger brazil anon. he probably either lives on welfare, or makes low effort reaction videos on jewtube for that ad revenue. for some reason all youtube negroes make reaction videos.
I am currently involved in a non sexual Dominant/Submissive relationship with a very high performing woman. This is exactly how it is with us. I provide order in her life, she provides energy toward my projects. We both are richer for the process.
Desperation and insecurity amplified by their hardwired biological need for reproduction and child-rearing remaining unfulfilled. The human body and mind give zero fucks and will start doing crazy things to get what it wants. If peaceful negotiations fail, it will start throwing shit at the wall to see what sticks in its uncompromising struggle towards equilibrium. Similar principles apply to the cognitive dissonance that drives and reinforces the complete insanity of communists.
Thus ist true. They now are only able to accept people that are coming to THEM. which will BE one of the Million betas that are around.Shes löst her tools to activly engange..Very good Observation my friend
those are /'s in bongland
I bet that bet this is the physique of like % of /pol/lmao
Age doesn't matter in this weird ass modern world where the likelihood of witnessing the apocalypse and living forever are roughly equal.Really, no one gives a fuck how old you are. Go about things like you're  and have the world by the balls. Only better time to start than now was yesterday, broses malone.
I just wanted to let you know that shakti is the literal word for strength in poo language and shiva is a woman's name you gaylord. You got it backwards.
When do you get your degrees then?
that thing where they act overly happy and come off as fake bothers me. Idk im like autistic but i dont understand why women do that? Something feels cold about it and reminds me of my mother
It's always those types who trip over themselves to claim some imaginary moral high ground. If it makes you feel better, their lives are shit, they know their lives are shit, and their minds are constantly occupied with how shitty their lives are, and this is how they cope. I have a sister who fits this profile, and she is the saddest, most predictable turd I've ever met.Let the losers lose.
And this is supposed to be male prime ageIt is. You failed.
everything you said is true. Shit is all fucked up nowadays and i wish it wasn't. I really wouldn't care about all this bullshit and the world falling apart if i had someone to love and be with.
My buddy was slumping hard when he hit , so he picked up a weekend gig bartending. He's an electrician and doesn't need the money at all. This was strictly a pussy decision.His strategy has yielded phenomenal results. Bartenders get easy pussy, apparently. It ain't pretty, but he had to branch out and expand his market, so to speak.
Women have a brief period from about  to  where if they came from a decent background or at least didn't suffer any real trauma then they'll be great people during this age.If they get married they'll stay great, if they don't they seem to break down like you said.
I feel ya bro.Uni is full of arrogant tossers. I'm no fan of pride, but I can at least understand it if you really are top shit, like Conor McGregor was. But what in the world could a  yo uni student have possibly done to warrant such an attitude? It's all a facade and a lie, and the lying only gets worse the more you progress through the (((university))) system in white collar shark "work". Perhaps another bolshevik revolution wouldn't be such a bad idea.
You butthurt bro? I can feel it from here. Didn't realize muh dik was that long.
They are used to being a commodity but now the biological clock is ticking they turn into the akward nerds they wouldnt fuck in their teens/s.I experienced it first hand, im not a looker but my last  workplaces i had coworkers asking me out real cringeylike.I turned them down a previous relationship left me with anger issues i dont want to end up as a murderer.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?None of the woman you're thinking about have children do they? It's their biological clock. Tick tick.
My dad was straight out of the Al Bundy school of roasting single women. My never-married aunt getting BTFO at holiday parties when she brought of feminist bullshit talking points is probably my fondest childhood memory, knowing what I know now. Your pops is a good man. Every dad has a moral obligation to teach their sons the laws of the jungle
Whether you were a kid or an adult in the s you still experienced the s. What kids experience isn't detached from what adults experience.  year olds today are having to experience the same trans shit we are.
It's bizarre isn't it. All the faculty I dealt with were extremely friendly and helpful, yet half the students were complete dickheads.
Because they realized that men aren't looking at them like they used to do when they were in their s. Nobody told them about the wall. They thought the simps would be simping forever even when they turn . So they realize they had to put on the "nice face" to not being looked down by men, but utting a nice face is exhausting when you're actually a nasty bitch, that's why they go crazy and bipolar.
Why are you framing this as some zero-sum game? Who gives a fuck what Stacy is doing. It's not like men associate with women to hear their opinions; that's just a cost of doing business.Let the man stick his dick in anything willing to have it. I don't get your point.
that shit'll moon
HAPA IS THE FUTURE. RESISTANCE IS FUTILE
She's hot and he looks fucking cosntipated
I'm  and I get more and more attention from women every year. WTF are you doing, nigger? Do you groom yourself? How about confidence? It should go up with age
thanks dr. philfucking kek
When they rode enough of the cock carousel and yrone is in prison, they look for more stable beta providers who got their shit together, looks and cock size doesn't matter anymore.
Hospital administrator Rachel Gow, , of Haslingden, Lancashire, thought she was not where she should be in life and felt other members of her family were ‘doing better than her’.Fearing her boyfriend Anton Tsvarev,  would leave her, Miss Gow sent him a text message wishing him ‘all the best for the future’ before taking her own life at her home.Women are all about status, even roasties past their prime can get a man if they want. they just want a rich and accomplished guy. Once they realize a rich guy has no reason to date a + yo woman when he has endless young pussy at his feet, they realize they will have to revise their expectation. Imagine being her boyfriend and realizing she killed herself because you are the best she could get and she wanted more.
Modern Feminism.Women are supposed to grow out of the I'm a little princess phase' but thanks to modern feminism, women get more entitled and neurotic as they age.
They're acting out the script but not getting the ending they expect.Sex and city. Have what they think men have became acting like men will make them happy because equality.
What the fuck is wrong with women in their s?They got jewed
There's a chronic shortage of people telling women "No." and then when reality finally slaps them in a face with a "No.", they can't handle it.

find washed up roastie and save her from her drug problems at pay for her to go to collegebrainwash her so she is wholly and utterly devoted to me for saving her and putting her through college Been sitting on my ass playing vidya and just generally doing whatever the fuck I want for the past  years with no sign of stopping anytime soonhaven’t had to cook anything for myself in years ballsack emptied out every dayI feel sorry for you bros, women are so easy to manipulate. And yes I am a psychopath.
No they dont look for them. They still look for alphas, but to no avail. For backup, they half-heartedly reach half their arm out to contact one of the million betas that are on standby
is that the captain marvel faggot?
they look like low resolution ps characters
 It's best not to eat if I know I will be crossing paths with her.based and keked
It’s like they have suddenly all become super socially retarded.They have always been like that, you just worked through it since they were hot. When they get older and lose the sex appeal the ones that are left are all the same.
Can confirm. Heaps of paddies here
he paid for her collegeshe has drug problemsshe was “washed up” at , meaning she rode mad dickand he brags about it Hahahahaha holy shit bruh. Keep that to yourself. Simping on reformed whores isn’t alpha.
Girls only grow into women by the presence of a strong male figure in their lives. Females are a blank slate, they have no inherent personality, goals or drive. If they've made it to their s and are still single it means one of two things. . They've been hopped around dick to dick and never been able to hold one down. That means the men she's gone after have been of low quality (The fault then lies with her father) or she fell for the feminist (aka spinster coping mechanism) of sleeping around and is now a complete fucking mess, combining the features of a hundred different men and offering nothing of any value to any men. . They've been single all the way up until . This implies a level of genetic weakness. Mutations have caused undesirable physical or mental (emotional) traits and they've been left to the wayside to never breed. Some of them may want to, some may be so autistic they don't care.What it comes down to is that women need a consistent strong male figure to guide them and give them a personality. Our society has moved away from that and is the reason it's rotting.
Get a younger one and put a baby in her within a few years. If you waste her youth she will end up like the ones you describe. Dont be a part of the problem anon. also make shure she is Huwite and of good stock.
Women always had these traits. You don't notice them when they are attractive. The less attractive they become, the more noticible the traits. I waited until  to get engaged. I should have done it at  but I was a retard. Better late than never. She's . We are are getting married in  days and already trying to have a baby. Don't give up. I know they seem dumb but they will literally believe what you believe in  months. Talk to them. They don't believe what they say. All of this is due to weak men. This is why they are trying to kill masculinity and fathers. Good luck.
no you fucking retardedthat is why they push the anti pedo shit so hardYOU CAN GET THEM BEFORE THEY ARE BRAINWASHED
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man? Never pursue a woman over . Its obvious some massive shift in their head occurs past this age. You will be unable to influence them at all. The thousand dick stare is real. Just dont pay attention to them at all.
Because I would be happy seeing children grow up to  handsome sons and  beautiful daughters
They’re lost, Op. Pity them.
Women always had these traits. You don't notice them when they are attractive.FALSE WRONGFALSE WRONGyo uare all fucking idiots or cult membersyou can stop and rerse ALL OF THE SHIT these same fags are pushing if you get them at there is a need to be upsetit fuels the rhetoric i push that leads to violence agasint the cult members!HI FEDS!
Male prime ageI think you took MGTOWs too seriously, anon. Male prime age is arguably , but definitely not later than that. I
Early s is a precarious time for women where she makes attempts to reassess the last decade of her life. Women’s psychological rationalization engine begins a furious effort to account for, and explain to her reasonings for not having successfully secured a long term monogamous commitment from as Alpha a man as her attractiveness could attain for her. Even women married prior to this phase will go through some variation of self-doubt, or self-pity in dealing with the hypergamic uncertainty of her choice (“Is he really the best I could do?”)It’s during this stage that women will make radical shifts of what traits qualify as ‘attractive’ in a man and attempt to turn over a new leaf by changing up their behaviors to align with this new persona they create for themselves. Since the physicality and Alpha dominance that made up her former arousal cues in a Man aren’t as forthcoming from men as when she was in her sexual prime, she reprioritizes them with (presumed) preferences for more intrinsic male attributes that stress dependability, provisioning capacity, humor, intellect, and esoteric definitions of compatibility and intimacy.For the spiritually inclined woman this may manifest in a convenient return to convictions she’d disregarded since her adolescence. For other’s it may be some kind of forced celibacy; a refusal to have sex under the hypergamic auspices of her ‘party years’ in the hopes that a well provisioning male will appreciate her for her prudence – so unlike herself and all of the other girls who rejected him over the last decade.The self-affirming psychological schema is one where she’s “finally doing the right thing”, when in fact she’s simply making the necessity of her long term provisioning and security a virtue she hopes men will appreciate. And if they don’t, then there’s always shaming them to think they’re ‘less-than-men’ for not living up to her eating her cake once she’s had it.
after the first paragraphy i feld my virginity regrowing this thread sucks
Is that photo real? It looks like some s Nazi fetish porn.
Welp I guess only white trash and half-gypsies are not faulty humans
For academics it's definitivly later than . Yeah i just passed that higher math examso you free this weekend no in three weeks is the statics exam
You are a moron. Maybe when children were all home schooled. You are either  and alone or  and a retard. Women by default need support. Their genes demand it. Socialism makes the most sense for them. A strong man early will show them that depending on a man is much better than depend g on the state. Women are vulnerable by definition. Then need a strong force to protect them, it all comes down to if it's the government or their husband.. I don't care what you say. I've fucked so many of them, it's clear.
Suck dick. Marriage is a Jewish meme meant to stupify men and stop them from achieving true success
You sure? I feel they aren't anymore cringe than  year old women, your sex drive just tapers off and you're seeing that women have nothing redeeming about them.
Absolutely, op. I’m in my early ’s having got married in my early ’s. My single friends have lost their minds. There’s no longer selective dating to find someone compatible and settle down, it’s all tinder fucks and breakdowns. Sad.
Forgot to add. They know it too. Even if they don't say it they know it. That's the sad part is they have been fed the idea they don't need a protector and they pretend to believe, but they see their mothers getting old and they know. It's fucking sad to be honest because at a certain point it's too late for them.
Can confirm, i'm  and I get looks and hit on by - year old girls almost exclusively and when I was younger nobody gave me the time of day. Unfortunately the AOC is  here
Women in their thirties aren't cringy. That's when they stop being cringy. That's when they're starting to have to rely on other things than being attractive.Some women start earlier, like the naturally ugly ones. More often than not, these are actually worth talking with.Of course there are those that refuse to grow up, but they're no more cringy than their equivalent men. You know the type. The man in his forties-fifties who still goes out getting drunk in pursuit of a drunk lay, or goes to brothels abroad with his buddies.
Assuming what you're saying is true, it's a great exception of the rule. Absolutely everywhere women look MUCH worse in their s.
Sounds like heaven. Why would you spend an evening tip-e-toeing on eggshells opposite a triggered psycho bitch?
There's a lot of truth about women in this thread, but this should not be ignored. Modern men are, overall, a fucking embarrassment. Obsessed with inane pop culture, video games, juvenile nonsense, and general numale bullshit. Chad went to tradeschool or did a proper degree that guaranteed him a job, fucked a selection of Stacies before picking one to marry, breed with, and now is living the life. The rest are pathetic numales, coping either with childish regression or role playing as conservative while still fundamentally being a weak, simping cunt.It's shameful.
their biological clocks hates them for not having children and a stable relationship. Add in the effect of the pill and you have a  year old roasty turning into a bitter wine aunt.
People who got married in their early , how handsome are you out of ?
Do you make good money? If so, never forget that bitches are attracted most to power. Money = power. Economic power, not just a guy that is a captain of industry as a general manager of someone's business.Flaunt some of your money around a girl you want to date. She will see you have $$$ and you will instantly become more interesting and attractive to her. Talk to girls everywhere you go. It's good practice and you don't even need to hit on them. Better if you don't. Let the ones you want to date earn your attention by hitting on you.You'll be up to your ears in pussy after some practice talking to women every chance you get. You will make non-romantic friends with a few of them. Use them for info on what to do and say in more detail when talking to a girl you want to date and hopefully fuck. They will have fun helping you. Game the system.
Just downloaded hinge
It's more like doubling down on it.And it's reasonable. Changing drastically would make them seem even more pathetic.I believe in their thirties they are at least partially self-aware, they finally realised media has lied to them, they wasted their best years, and there is no prince on a white horse coming to save them.At least acting as a strong women puts them in better position in the job market.
Based. But she was too picky tbqh
have you considered that maybe you yourself are a cringey person in their s? just not self-aware enough to notice it? because that's exactly the impression I got from reading your posts.
From the article she felt she should be in a better place especially compared to the other members of her family. Women are extremely jaleous and clearly saw her sisters were doing better and that upset her.
Ok Karen
Anarchist
You've created a very odd idea of a Chad is. A Chad is a male for ' with at least a decent face. That's it... Chad is % a physical (genetic) thing. He could be a blue-collar worker, a retail worker, a teacher, but in the end its up to looks.
That's '+ *
Considering I didn't describe Chad in any way apart from pointing out he is a success in life, you just come across as an idiot here, mate.
they know its over but they wont admit itthey shouldve been married and pregnant  years agoits too late nowpump & dump and try to fin a < year old qt to marry and have kids with
i know this situation anon. i tend to attract and become attracted to women in relationships. i acted on it a few times but the guilt isn't worth it
You sound like a virgin who hasn't been out much.
nigga I'll fuck you up so bad your parents wont even recognize your face, I'll fuck you up so bad that your eyes will bleed and be so black that you can see future from them nigga fuck you lol

awww naaaaaaaaaaaaw brother
You said that someone who's learned a trade and whatever is a Chad. A Chad is entirely a physical thing. Strawman and a completely wrong one at that. I practically live outside surrounded by people and lost virginity at age 
Based.Donate sperm and go on with your life.
Eww look at that flat foot.Want some down syndrome with your son?
omg how many pictures are there in existence of these same hags, in the last two years i've seen at least  now. i feel sorry for the lad that has witnessed all this, i really do.
Yeah I agree with OP, but women in their 's are even worse. The other day my mom brought me a sandwich and she was all like, "When are you gonna get a job?" and I was all like "Fuck you, bitch, I'm no wagie!" She just doesn't get that I'm a creative.
Chad isnt only physical.Physical is crucial part of it but not allbrains, status, wit, (money)However, it depends on the social class you roam
They literally have BULKY FEET
Does She have big tits?
If you have looks (not fat) and eloquence, no need for money and hot body
At least acting as a strong women puts them in better position in the job market.That was the plan all along goy
You mean you get attention from low quality women, used up hags, single mothers and leftovers.
femcel isNo such thing as femcel.A woman can have sex any time she wants.
Why are single women in their s so cringey?Because we have allowed them to have rights.Humans sink to the lowest level they can get away with.Women have been allowed to act like subhumans so-- surprise!-- they act like subhumans.If you give a dog the run of the house don't be surprised to find a dog turd on your floor when you come home.If you give a dog a long leash she will run far and wide.If you take the dog off the leash don't be surprised when she runs off and doesn't bother coming back when you call.But if you keep a dog on a short leash she will heel you, be silent, and obey your command.It's time to put women back on a short leash and this time not let them off it.It's time to end women's rights and give them a reason to actually try.
brains, status, wit, moneyThat's the perfect description of a single s guy who wonders why he's single when he has achieved these things. Meanwhile the white trash fellows his age who work at construction, drink beer all day, can barely speak properly and reek of garlic and only interest in life is football or cars are the ones who get long term relationships with attractive (naturally attractive, not make-up gold diggers) women.
Truth.
look at his flag its a different world in hueland
Those who happen to be tall with at least decent faces*
You're utterly fucking stupid.
kek
Presented by the Protestant doctrine
Hey... You are the one who thinks learning a trade will make him Chad. Or who thinks being a Chad who gets any woman he wants happens to be someone who makes good decisions in life. Kys yourself.
maybe in bulgaria.Sorry lad.Young, fit bodies are a huge plusBut not enough for long term. Except maybe she likes garlic too
But a woman cannot have sex anytime she wants the way she wants to.Even men can fuck anytime they want to, just go and hit on some drunk  something alcoholic broad
No, you need a body worth fucking.Otherwise you have to compensateNot being in shape is never helpful
Compared to the average Western male that's fat as fuck it's still far above average.
No, I don't think any of those things. You're just an illiterate retard who can't admit you've invented this position because your pride won't let you.
That - is a fucking destroyer for most women. Their value depreciates like plastic in a bonfire and no one wants them. Take in consideration that they've been paraded in their twenties, the change in how people especially men perceive them is brutal. This is how they act out afterwards.
cool pic
agree
Single women in their s are unbearable used up pieces of shit who expect the high paid men, whom the called nerd in their teens to man up and raise their creampies. As if you fucking roasties.
Easily .'s. These fabulous creatures will be already married or soon will be to some lucky lucky lads
o shit i can't believe i'm seeing thisyou're mad he stole your post aren't youthe absolutle seething in this post that americans will still never be able to detect. fuck, australia give it a rest
Lots of truth in this one.
Ok Freud
Forbes had an article where they cited studies on attraction to males and found that men who had ingested garlic  mins before interacting with a woman were rated one standard deviation more attractive than other men. Actual onions aren't a meme lad.
When has anyone ever called Angloids "Aryan princesses" you Anglo bastard?You are such lesser beings compared to mainland Europeans, and lesser to Celtics too.
Jew swindles peoples minds , but mother nature is above us all .Never betray fathers and husbands authority never brake courtesy with your family and friends. Jew suggested dating = fucking around before marriage cause % divorce rateBreed like white people by planing forward preferring new family together by two families make sure that everything fits and match it is time of courtship before girl go from dad to wedlock and became a wife. Love and respect to parents and grand parents in exchange gives wisdom and guidance that allows people get in to wedlock young and grow in together till rest of their life's . That in picture what happen with unsupervised kids by lowing older wiser eye. Purge Jews out, world is up side down, Sodomites on pedestal. Jew rats don't like family and love , that is not lucrative. Jew rats like ladies in the red light district Jewish love. Natures creation of race ,nations and families Jews seek to turn in to tax enclosures with breeding whores and bamboozled with lie population . First demoralize, then groom to a muzzle, then electronically chip you, so that they could tax every your move and control your mood. So they basically, will fuck you and make feel good about it, perfect slave. Who cares how long you will live or get wear off ...there is a lots of human meat breeding by whores .
Is that Jack's films
Fuck all that shit.If your parents lie to you, cheat on each other, use each other, give you life-destroying "advice" when you were young and impressionable, then blame you for turning out a fuck up... Then you have every right and obligation to disown those stupid boomers and get as far away from them as possible.
Finns are the gooks of the white race.
The Wall remains the undefeated champ. Asians might evade it for a bit longer but it's inevitable.
Trips of truth, wish I had a dad.
These british are like pigeons, dirty and lice infested. Look at themEating french fries off the ground.Disgusting
Me too
going to Church in  lmao
on top of having absolutely no fucking idea what the term chad means, or anything that you're talking about whatsoever,you wrote out kys yourself.alpha simply means reproductive success.
That's considered an / in bongland. And everything below is exclusively reserved as paki fuck meat.
churchThe ultimate copeChurches were all on board with the covidiocy hoax, and still are. They are not on your side.
a body worth fucking is the broadest term imaginable.you faggots always do this, you project your biological male focus on external physical characteristics and use them to try and understand female attraction.you should be just autistic enough to understand what that's retarded. women literally change the physical they're attracted to weekly
abortion fucks them up. I don't think there's been any studies on the long term psychological impact of having abortions, particularly with single  somethings. They had their life's purpose but threw it away for a moment in time but have been conditioned into victimhood - it's everyone else's fault
crazy spinster who never got married and is no longer sexyWhat the fuck is wrong with women in their s?Answered your own Q, just reverse
you're not wrong, but you're missing the deeper more embarrassing truth.women are just attracted to attention. that's what it all boils down to
 they come across as super fake emotionally fragile basket cases who could spin into a manic bipolar episode at any moment.That is probably % of women. Not new either. They need to be controlled by a man. To argue against that is to argue against nature at the least.
desperation is always disgusting, so i dont know how you can make yourself less desperate, but that needs to be your number one priority.desperation is truly the ugliest most revolting thing on earth
in their 'sYou mean in their 's.
you guys have the most miserable fucking sand on the planet, and i enjoyed iraq more than kuwait on that basis aloneand the heat, jesus
Karbala?
Because they're single women in their s.
You ended up with a washed up roastie with drug problems??Errr dude??
